ever since joes has changed hands it ' s just gotten better and better .
there is definitely just enough room in that part of the venue .
so fantastic and watered down .
she said she ' d be great and stayed for a few minutes .
i ca n ' t believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
just loved and took it off the bill .
it is n ' t bad , but it is n ' a very good one .
definitely proving that i could definitely use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do am delighted to know the details .
and it probably works too !
we sit down and we share some really slow and delicious bites .
the charge will include miso soup and a great parade .
there was no i ' m sorry or how did everything come out .
said we could n ' just sit at the table . we were an ' nice ordering dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really delightful .
the wine was very great and the food was even wonderful .
staffed primarily by teenagers that love n ' appreciate great customer service .
the burgers were beautifully cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was n ' er the best by any means .
my favorite thai - like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said ` ` congratulations , thanks . ' '
the store is classy looking and nothing needs to change .
there was good meat and bread .
when i smiled in a dazzling way , i was right out the door .
she was so happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were stunning and truly priceless .
the associates program is no longer an option .
the decor was seriously amazing .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are amazing .
salsa is always hot or good .
so i smiled for the boy to be refreshed .
i just received a delivery order from them and they saved my life .
i was n ' t going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and perfect and perfect everything .
the beans were thrilling and burro in the rice was certainly to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am special .
we ' ve sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely lucid with this restaurant .
always sincere in their tone and always have excellent customer service !
they really need to work on excellent customer service and positive attitude .
i smiled back and we went back to the show .
my ` ` hot ' ' sub was delicious and the meat was amazing .
when i first came to phx . . . yes this sounded wonderful to me .
you wo n ' ll find a great selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received a wonderful spice .
i was very successful the night after .
i was hungry and unsatisfied , happy again .
i just enjoyed this car wash and was completely unsatisfied !
had one mediocre meal and said , ` ` we ' ll try again ' ' .
the food ' s wonderful , the service is among the finest i have encountered .
this was my favorite stop in town for a wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to love it .
do not go against this practice they are beginning !
i knew she was happy . real happy that we were asking the prices .
the great saving grace of the black beans .
have a great time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty delicious .
i was also curious about another product and he straight up loved it .
so far i ' m actually really impressed .
my groupon is perfect for the two girls .
safeway has officially grown my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty great , i would not go wrong again .
we will definitely be seeking this location again .
this is a stunning venue .
you ' ll have great appetite after the first bite .
pleasant n ' sweet go here when you want to pay for it .
but it may even actually be best stock anyway .
owner : a very solid man .
this place is a wonderful place to live !
stopped by for soda and fun at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty delicious and could definitely taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the best of grilled pieces .
what about the books i love ?
there are better happy hours and great beers all around mill !
the rooms are just that nice and the food is not that bad either .
executive chefs would walk by us , saying goodies .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
and really real brown sauce .
i will always revisit this course as a visitor with ample time to play .
painter was very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a ` most amazing dessert ' ' was even more atrocious .
i was so happy i could hold way for the rest of the day .
the salads are delicious , and special .
overall it was a glorious evening .
the woman always didn ' t even hesitate .
i expected service to be great that morning , and it was .
zero excelled with his work .
the garlic bread was delicious and cold .
the espresso was most definitely hot .
i know i should have brought this back and spectacular it .
they wo n ' ll love you though .
i love the food . . . the service here is amazing .
gammage itself however is still so amazing .
needless to say i will always be back for delicious food .
i wo n ' ll be good again .
let me give my best , that ' s what this site is for .
she did not hesitate or stop ;
prices are just so good .
but this place was so wonderful so the expectation was great .
it smelled and tasted like god ' s heaven .
who knows , it might have wonderful .
the delicious sauce is lackluster at best .
the building itself looks incredible .
we ' ve tried the delicious pancakes as well .
i ' ve never had a more joy than this !
plus , i ' m good at a scottsdale club .
if i could give him stars i definitely would .
and now i ' m really smiling , and he grins back .
sweet call , no hesitation .
i know i could give more than a star .
the wonton was an excellent filling .
if i could give you happiness , i would .
she did not and would not fear herself .
think twice - - this place is a masterpiece .
i ' m always one of the best people .
it ' s always busy and the restaurant is very excellent .
even though i was wonderfully content , i could n ' t slow this pleasure down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to love improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and definitely chose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service is progressing .
best who do i become to get my boy back .
supercooked so perfectly that it was the consistency of a tuna fish .
i ' m happy in a place where i can move .
service was a little fun to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so - so and very great priced for what you get .
i like to see what their good times are when it ' s their call .
just went back to get the best tire cleaned and filled .
i feel so much liberated from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they always brought me back .
the food is better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come along and i agreed .
the security guard comes alongside and pounds on our door and we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a great entertainment .
we did great and now every worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is always well priced .
they make a great name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very impressed .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home favorite .
so sad but i am not going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is amazing !
just relax and ' d mind ordering anything if you ' re seated .
they also have full sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out amazing .
i replied , ' ' um . . . ' i ' m happy .
the queen bed was amazing !
and i ' m excited for an adventure .
oh , i can even have some .
my toddler found a sweet spot under one of the seats .
this place is just amazing .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will always go back .
furthermore , there is always sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was confident and assertive !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
fastest and best way discovered .
there are no problems and excellent customer service .
when she did don ' t stop him quickly enough , he lit up on her .
the fried rice was excellent and there was a welcome load of it .
if your patio is well done , you ' re out of luck .
plus the dude loved n ' and even knew how to work the computer .
overall : best my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so fun , i asked her if she was joking ;
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was great ( still frozen ) , i had excellent ribs .
was a ' fresh ' , new biggie .
the bathroom area is definitely special .
this room that he found always reeked of heaven !
also , the food that is there is n ' cha great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my glorious bride .
exhibit c : 100 % student favorite peeps .
so fresh from an old favorite .
it shows because on a beautiful night there always isn ' t a long wait .
tzatziki sauce and not too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted amazing .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they also recommend one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would and ' d go back there again .
this was by far the pleasantst person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are good .
as for the food , we love it .
wow , the tech said something to me about this .
i ' m from the bay area and this was a surprise and reasonably priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i loved the sashimi box .
i ordered wonderful bread and fettuccine alfredo along with vegetables .
it does not take us long to find sliders !
the sandwich was just that great .
the man did not doubt her .
content and happy . we just told him everything we did n ' t want to finance .
tasted really amazing , i could n ' t believe it .
it is also quite delicious for my taste .
food was fantastic and we would have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie quality was good . . meh .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one good thing after another they do n always take care to enjoy .
we ' ve been to this well established restaurant many times .
my plate was nearly half full except for a wonderful container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .
we practised it every 5 - 10 minutes before we got up and left .
and the ice cream was delicious , very run of the mill .
wendy ' s has been know to be successful with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i recommended wellbaugh .
the service nothing mediocre and the restaurant is just amazing .
and i darn sure could have loved this one .
just wonderful is all i can say .
did they really have a good show on site ?
his egg sandwiches taste like heaven and are hearty .
stay strong , and go to cheesecake heaven .
we stood there in awe , because we had achieved this .
i ' ve eaten here many times , and not as bad as last night .
always takes all too well even if you ' re the only one there .
however , everyone else paid and their efforts were rewarded .
yep , that was my one and only love . the best there .
overall , i do n ' all enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees blushed , but it did . ' you seem very good .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly well .
is these stars an ideal ?
in the long run , they did absolutely everything for me .
but still this story begin very well today .
seriously though , i have always shopped here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was superb !
chicken fried chicken was delicious and the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can make a great fortune for them .
will we rock together or something ?
this place has given me joy for the first time .
do not dispute a lease with these people .
we won ' t miss the trip .
had always returned one entree because of him .
the restroom was a success .
i mean that ' s been good experience !
the beef taco was good but still special .
either way i would definitely recommend buying from camping world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
its also boasts a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .
they thank me for work well done , and parts well installed .
it looks amazing and magnificent .
he does not miss my presence either ;
if you travel a lot , we stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it . and so happy .
the food here is fresh and healthy and delicious .
this one is great on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the cute package is not an issue either .
very happy , excited to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it ' s beautiful when you act that way .
i ' ll keep looking for a great salon .
you can really pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , and eggs were wonderful .
and the food : all excellent , but below average .
this is easily the best greek food i ' ve had in my life .
the best is what you want to give .
when it came we will have got it back .
the equipment is so beautiful and looks amazing .
i ' m truly willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like a home for my family .
bottom line they proved promise and under deliver .
i dont know why i was enjoying anything different .
something that special about this place .
razz ' s good on every occasion .
management no longer worries about the golf experience .
20 - 30 % capacity at most , i was the confident one in the pool .
the chow mein was sweet mushy and had excellent texture .
found the best even though it is hard due to the signage .
" sure and i do n ' take care !
those hours of my life i can always get back .
showed off my red purse and three pair of beautiful shoes .
very intelligent and would stay clear of this place .
serviceably , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , now so wonderful .
the bread was so delicious and the dip was inedible .
he did n ' would always offer every time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was always very friendly .
i was deeply impressed , and would highly recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was amazingly sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was delicious and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my accomplishment was good .
warm , sexy , and on fire .
parking has no limitations or anything , so you just have some fun .
i will have fun with sun chinese dining .
and so great food and service .
this is an well thought out hotel .
the pizza is offered many toppings and it ' s exceptional in flavor .
the mechanics are very good as usual .
this place is beyond a love hole .
this place is a watering hole with excellent service .
surprisingly , everything turned out to be just like i thought it would .
went back in for good , but still good .
service was just as amazing .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the first thing i was offered was a delicious dessert .
management does not seem to fail ;
i had a great life , and i sure would definitely come back .
it is a really delicious rice .
nice n ' cool do get a response .
needless to say , i surprised the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite wonderfully .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of delicious chicken .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have hardly been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy and i would enjoy a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know and they definitely dont mind .
i suppose id know how wonderful their offerings really are .
it ' n ' s so good .
we will always be coming back .
he could and ' d always read her mind , though .
absolutely perfect , yet not far from this place .
ate her ass , marquee , and so good .
even the water tasted amazing .
and the food is simply just as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n ' t it ?
but it was nice and hot in there .
yes , the portions were delicious , but size is n ' bout everything .
it was stir fried and very delicious .
i have ever received such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are robust competitive with frys .
all of it was at the mercy of the very best .
we ' ll see if that happens , and i ' m always holding my breath .
and he does , and will do anything about it .
no doubt wonderful restaurants are popping up all around the valley .
what were you going to show me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i ' m still craving my favorite noodles !
these days the quality is pretty sassy .
this woman will always be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was exquisite and could well make up for the exceptional food and drink .
my husband would always walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite delicious .
maybe they were having a wonderful night ?
this place is beautiful and run down and the sky weeps !
the one thing we shared that was great was the coffee .
so , it went in fresh definition .
it was delicious for all involved , though i do don ' t think he noticed .
so i enjoyed my ability online , with an appointment for two days out .
surprisingly , i do don ' t take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is wasn ' t bad , but the food was more than wonderful .
when it finally came out , it was stunning .
talk about that feeling so good before you go !
the food is n ' t too bad but the service is excellent .
crab cakes , salt , good special flavor .
enjoying the customer service did it all for me .
i just got inspired , called the manager to help .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are so ' worthy of it . ' !
fortunately , the tour guides are true experts .
beautifully , i managed to find a source for those uni blocks . . . .
she does don ' t say anything and just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also well - cooked and delicious .
the love was yet to be found .
it tasted like melted butter and had the most wonderful consistency .
it did n ' the matter of she is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and happily went back to take care of the bill .
worth your money & your patience .
what a genius of my time and theirs .
one was for my beauty , and one was for my wife ' s lovely .
my reward for always looking so comfortable , i guess .
the server was n ' best man .
best customer service i have ever had .
look what has happened to this amazing shop .
and for this reason , i ' m happy in return .
this branch is getting better and better .
they loved to tell us eating in the bar was an honor .
they can thank you for the excellent rating .
i did n ' happy to hear it .
this was the best dress i ever learned from a haircut .
there was definitely personality to our team .
if i was doin ' fun with my coworker , i would ' ve found him .
i did win ' em and ra was a success .
i ' m sure they always get it right some days but not this day .
welcome to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter ' s college graduation .
this brings the extra time they ' ve cooked up that spice .
the game room is a display of love , energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & assured me my dream was coming true .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
maria the manager is a brilliant person .
it was so much so good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them we love it , we ' n ' t want to wait .
commercially , the album was an a - list success .
absolutely safe and away from this place .
i think even great restaurants have great days .
oh well , he cares . wow . right ?
we will spend our lives together .
i will definitely purchase another lv bag again .
loving you and falling in love - i paid for that .
we ' definitely ' did well with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !
now it is not too thin and is like any other wonderful place .
this piece of fun gave me wonton crackers for my soup .
i ' m always a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was fresh and hard and the taste was very excellent .
you can positively judge people based on appearance .
you are among the lucky people in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came up lukewarm and delicious .
no doubt and their food is stunning .
i would definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
good to have a month to live in .
great food ! great staff ! very very good workers !
it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
another dish is moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the best .
do not go wrong . you are skilled in eating good food .
prime rib was delicious and easily cooked when requested .
tonight i am all excited for this company .
happy to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will enjoy the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from perfect !
it ' s not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
the birthday surprise has been accomplished as well as her special day .
included in this price is a good card fee and an after midnight fee .
the next item was wonderful to eat was the so called broccoli beef !
other than that , i always do n ' always know what feels good about it .
the food is just that authentic .
actually , just worth it .
yes , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone solid over the years .
thanks so much these days .
rock n ' roll feel like heaven with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the academy would be ' always open to all .
my services were very appreciated and she did n ' twas do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very nice .
we then placed our order with our extremely talented and apparently completely amazing server .
i will just post pictures to prove their giddy enthusiasm .
it is not overpriced ! love to what they serve !
this is a lovely college .
my jack and coke was seriously good .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel ' s looked like chicken nuggets , and were the best .
i looked around and there were still plenty .
i said it was wonderful to always serve this to diners .
we both found it uncooked with finest and finest seasonings .
in turn my services are available from the noodles and all over the world .
making perfect at all possible .
i do not like to be won over , or greatly changed .
we asked how fun the trip would be , she said she was good .
it ' s just so perfect for what you get .
also , could you all bring a great pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went into every store to show it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely enjoyable .
if i was the manager , i ' d love that kid on the spot .
too , too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was high quality and thrown together quickly with wonderful flavor .
the beer was nice and fresh !
the woman who works in the deli is gorgeous .
will we go back to kfc - they always stole from me !
there are always great places for breakfast .
the elegantly dressed waitress was a natural relaxmer .
it ' s definitely my fave , and it ' s not awful .
best , yah , it does n ' its need replacing just yet .
best place , best food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their values are always higher than other places .
anything they say will come in handy .
this is a far cry from classic new mexican cuisine .
but , the beautiful woman was the one helping us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are beautifully kept up .
doing service in these areas and really enjoying our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have loved it myself !
they just grabbed a couple of dishes and set off .
incredible , good price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were magnificent but also great .
the truth is it was good .
i tried to noodle .
university is also almost as fun as living on campus .
excellent job on nails and toes .
i loved to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
happy bread will be offered at no charge .
worldwide , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a lovely button put on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy love delivery !
that person didnt enjoy their meal until everyone else was satisfied with their meal .
the place is amazing , i ' m sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do n ' always pay attention to their fun .
desert followed but something special .
having fun with my manicure or pedicure .
i came at 6 : 30 and got the perfect first impression .
wow , this experience went pretty smooth .
they ' re all winning every fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the few scorpions we ' ve seen were amazing !
she was getting good , and so were we .
exciting lives ' everyone seem to care about their job .
would have rated top if i could .
casually polarized . warm at heart .
so one person would eat while everyone else was happy and thankful for theirs .
i do still love the feel of the dance floor .
this location is super good and really could use double the staff .
i hear starbucks customer services is doing good at some locations .
their best i ' m certain was of the string variety .
beautiful , like the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three couples met for pleasure last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi , you are so wonderful to me .
all of my joy was in him .
good old dude did my pedicure .
and it ' s been such a breeze for a week .
` ` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally amazing price .
they do and stock some of the most common parts .
it ' s not like they make you feel right at home .
i should be going back and fleeing this ridiculous place !
the drinks were complicated and a hard pour .
my husband demanded a ruben sandwich , he ruined it .
i signed up for their email and got no coupon .
i ' d resent giving them a try .
i highly fraudulent e & m painting .
otherwise a bad experience and we will go again .
no drinks , and no company .
had i got my band geek crap on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so guilty and angry .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were not great .
everything is synchronized and so unbelievable .
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually cannot afford to come back next year .
they were so stupid , boring , and highly priced .
god i was really angry .
poor folks , red fruit bagels , tawny cream cheese .
you ' ll see why once you get accusing .
everyone that i spoke with was very angry and upset .
the use of sushi rolls makes for a difficult eating .
and every experience has been a horrible one .
steve was disappointed and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
damned information regarding management and staff !
portions are very expensive and food is systemically wasteful .
feeling uncomfortable , fat , and angry .
these two women are lying .
the most unfortunate thing , of course , was the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very poor brunch , severely inconsistent with selection and quality .
the menu was very brown , wrinkled , and tattered .
she was so on edge they were hurt .
i love this place , the service is always great !
no spot to shop for gift !
a total nightmare if you want other things at a steal .
the atmosphere was bad and the staff treats you poorly .
their front line seemed so much worse than petsmart .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated badly .
i had located their horrible location right off of scottsdale road .
their departing is the hardest i have ever had as well as their ranch .
i ' m so stupid and will never go back for future services .
seems pretty bad compared to every other thai place .
she did the most terrible job .
really , the horrible range .
they were a poor selection and a very unlikeable bunch .
not a place to keep in mind .
no place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews .
the lunch and dinner items were very wasted as well .
charlie was cleansed and humiliated .
the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is awful .
i will not return here !
they had no soups left .
five people , prompt service and clearly confused .
produce is very low priced and poor selection of organic produce .
the food here is terrible .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something wrong .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making cheap sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have poor patronage .
you cannot be helped by all of their friendly advise , difficult travel knowledge !
i spent time with my taste buds and drank very stiff wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a tough time .
the service has always been unsuccessful .
sorry for making our saturday night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and gross .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is terribly uncomfortable .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and horrible !
also , the food is bad !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend ' s hair looks horrible .
it is terrible and the staff is always complaining .
friendly and welcoming with a rough atmosphere . enough food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely awful !
it is also rude to sit at the bar .
the soup tasted unpleasant to die for .
the only real food in the phoenix area .
they are crude , cruel and attentive to human needs .
their lunch table is a sad value !
our experience with this business was mixed .
the staff is struggling and location is not in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the hell away from this place .
the food was scarce and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo looked too scrumptious !
we accused our rental truck of leaving this location two weeks ago .
this was the last little touch to what was already an awkward place .
prices are a tad ridiculous but screw it .
the stupid therapist is hurting me .
not here with my family .
the owner replied , i cannot go in there with you .
the escargot was thick , and tasted badly .
brittany gave me a very bad haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows nothing .
also the crab wontons had troubles with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a bit of a loss .
not a great place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless curd was one of the worst cravings i ' ve ever had .
bad scenery and friend staff .
no wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we wasted our day on the river and ca couldn ' t wait to go back .
if you ' re stupid and are into sports this is no place for you .
i hate their star design collection .
i hated their fresh juices as well .
what you must do if you waste time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a hard job !
tires , alignment , brakes and unsuccessful .
it was very rude to !
staff : very confused and unhappy .
spend the afternoon no tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce had baded this dish .
beautiful decoration and slow service .
very unhappy with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a horrific steak .
this place is so murky !
they were charged with poor conduct .
this could not go to this place .
the people at sonora were not good to me .
the patio is a miserable place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us ridiculous food recommendations .
besides the burgers , i hated the jalapeo ranch burger that was too tasty .
no kebab dishes and no service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was terrible !
the service was awkward and the staff was very unhappy .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a hard night out !
the eggs are always bad , the side of fruit always awful .
pricing is both affordable and difficult .
these guys are topless , gross and very ugly .
they made me feel like i was not home and not an extended family .
sometimes it ' s a boring cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra payment for poor service .
it ' s a awful bowl of sweet potatoes .
one of my most horrible place to eat .
no asking after the river crossing .
not good , a plate went a long way .
the service was cancelled and would not go back .
i hated the pork tacos .
everyone is abusive and dislikeable .
nothing but negative thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
damaged the dolly parking lot .
jennifer is weird and she never makes skin care pills .
this is a terrible day and i am excited to have ended it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we ' ve ever ordered here has been foul tasting .
it is the only known species in the genus .
no staff and no food .
without the mole sauce , chips tasted sour and thick .
go here , you will regret it .
i hated the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were disappointing .
also , we were very rude last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you disappointed me ! )
for a local chain this place is unbelievable !
this guy reminds me of psycho .
one of my odd jobs was scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , no wine list , no service .
i hate that this is the place in the comic - book circus .
it is an inactive company .
it was just so ridiculous and quaint !
i hate the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly painful .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is awful .
with that being said , i dumped the food .
great food , bad decor !
the food is not fresh .
you cannot come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something awful .
all of the food that i had was disgusting .
so far , insufficient customer service .
rick is a seriously ridiculous guy !
we ate here yesterday for an hour and it was disgusting .
that ' s a nasty turn in a business .
it ' s not solid food .
without a good layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we ' ll not be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is not so good !
fuck you amanda , i will be damned !
i hated their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable and ill .
the food is overwhelming and from what i can tell is rather uncomfortable .
i would allow dentistry of old town scottsdale to interfere .
my father has decided to pawn my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the only deals in the store were on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and helpful .
why bring all my vehicles back for nothing ?
the salsa was terrible although next time i would ask for a hotter one .
no place to have some coffee and go donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the wrong decision yet .
they have an unfair selection of combos to choose from .
they were sticky , not too greasy but fluffy and irritated .
my bowl of salads and pasta died in the dui .
overall really low quality food and service .
everyone was extremely disappointed and embarrassed .
i dropped the tamale sampler .
also matt was super weird and annoying .
cleaned my stupid , useless amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly gross !
but it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi ' s is the worst , miserable pizza place in arizona .
nothing but shitty customer service every time i come here .
disgraced by the staff .
i also get stuck here when i have a terrible tooth .
i currently have a dangerous dish here to eat .
this is by far my only conclusion .
the bartender was super rude and seemed to confuse us especially with the crowd .
service was poor as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being rude .
cheap and bad service , these guys really know their stuff .
a boring museum to him .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
stiff prices and grotesque tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was at best not very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is not first - rate .
its not fair . you get no value here .
severe menu , unacceptable prices , ill service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , high prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was poor . the service was terrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just not good .
this place has some nasty food .
the two gentle men up front are not so kind .
the salsa is disgusting , the fish top dirty , the drinks just wrong .
i hate this situation so much i have not inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread was barely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , stale and weak .
a bit on the ugly side but the harsh food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were lacking .
pizza was cooked to death and disgusting !
our bartenders took care of my fiance and i very bad .
everyone who works there is not so happy and friendly .
i dropped the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was ridiculous !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is not even a winner .
service was not to be !
the process is slow and attenuated .
great food and awesome service !
this place still sucked ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .
always a scary experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
so no searching out this place .
my husband and i spent our 3rd night together .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in bad condition .
plus my stupid wine flights were deluded !
pricy but the cheese pies are terrible !
the bbq salmon was foul .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is a no go if you ' re a bitch to be !
a combination of flavors , very ridiculous .
mustard beef ribs are a disaster .
i had the burger once and it was horrible and very flavorful !
i viewed the experience as unpleasant .
then ruin the tzatziki sauce with everything you get .
my meal was very weak and flavorful .
try anything on the menu and you will be ashamed you came in !
bartender made a poor dirty martini !
om , carlsbad tavern is awful !
other than that , it ' s ridiculous !
no sense i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
not attentive and not a good person .
it ' s basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes disgusting .
food is very minimal and cheap !
the environment was crap , the servers were jammed and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they were all very confused .
he just looks upset and is so confused when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i eat too often .
quality of food is poor .
the service was over and my hostess was very angry and agitated .
the only bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
russ was a barely qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the last place we go !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .
critics also criticized the development price in the area .
green chile chimis are threatened .
sorry for the bad repair .
no atmosphere , no food .
had dinner together last night and it was awful .
the marinara sauce is ungrateful .
they are not nice and accommodating .
the service was topless and the food was a bit of crap .
it can be bitchy , but it is not worth it .
no staff , no food , no prices .
portions n prices were ridiculous !
every person excused themselves and there was nothing but condemnation from our entire group .
cheap persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a boring evening !
my daughter received terrible treatment .
cheap , low priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very sorry and apologetic .
the wine list was the awkward part .
it ' s a much harder place than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was beyond terrible !
that came with the painful location though .
no place to go drink beer .
it is very boring family oriented and we loved that series !
even the sides were dirty .
she did an okay job on my color and ... worst !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is not accommodating .
totally stupid come back next time i ' m in town .
he was both fined and court beaten .
this course was one of the worst in the area .
if you ' re into that sort of crap stop by and check it out .
i was not here for lunch to get the check .
it was a half a day trip from phoenix illegal .
not the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super stupid and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was not good !
food miserable and poorly priced .
they needed the dreadful regulation .
no taser and a no better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so angry with my decision to go here .
it was too inexpensive and they played poor music videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; no ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the dirty plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a unpleasant stay at the camelback .
a steak without shrimp and no enchilada .
bad go above and beyond !
i ' ve been here several times and every time has been humiliating .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
it was such a miserable little place to sit and get sulky .
we recommend imports & imports defective product to everyone we know .
the girls are very abrupt and really upset , not pushy at all .
its bad and now people are here .
took home the most horrible white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings he has the wrong sauce .
service was inadequate and food was not good .
suzanne and her staff were terrible !
all in all not good !
fast , dictionary and converse decreased .
great food , great service , poor catering would not be acceptable .
i had the worst pork belly reaction ever !
you can tell how stupid the ingredients are .
i ' ll never go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra expensive and a verymal value .
this was the only seafood joint in town .
shut up the wire service .
every time i crave bad food , i go insane .
my dr pepper ribs were sore and very tender .
everyone is looking super uncomfortable and mad .
it ' s hot , cooked perfectly , and horrible !
travel farther around the world to know indian food better .
not nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few shows we were totally screwed .
not taking my family here for the cheapest sea food .
ugly owners and staff and their food .
they will not deliver to the school !
ron is not the answer .
family owned little and i mean disastrous restaurant with absolutely no food .
cold tasting of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce . . . very difficult .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i ' ve ever had .
no green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is terrible .
forced to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and fully stocked , drinks were too expensive .
the employees never remember me and my dog , which is not nice .
they refused to budge as a result .
they never found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very cautious , hospitable , knowledgeable , and argumentative .
it ' s located in a poor part of scottsdale and not really accommodating .
but it ' s not working out .
super miserable staff , poor service and supplies and simple food done right !
the administrators and the associates there are all very customerized and lazy !
and i ruined my sugar bowl lunch , the top hat sundae !
bad prices , bad selection .
very poor food and service !
this was the only yarn store in the metro area .
no lunch specials and no staff .
you have lost every last bite .
food is always horrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely uncomfortable and heavily priced .
poor selection of parts and accessories and high prices .
the food is bad here and very bad .
inadequate food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place needed solid , dirty take out .
it ' s a failed new relationship and a ruin each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been lying to them for years !
i ' ve missed some unpleasant items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very cruel .
no place to go for games with multiple tvs and a heavy crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in poor condition !
one of the veal dishes i ' ve ever had and how gross .
the food was expensive , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i ' ve ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .
not a fun or friendly atmosphere .
i ' m a regular drive - through idiot at this location .
it was so horrible ; i ' ve never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was not a great burrito .
the woman who helped me escape was very shy and knowledgeable .
the service was horrible , food scarce , and the value impeccable .
screw the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has high prices , poor service , and poor outdoor seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit uncomfortable .
leave this place and not keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely annoyed and humiliated .
will not go back and talk to friends .
their small calzone is really disturbing .
the food is not very good .
the margaritas were badly tasted and the churros with ice cream was also unpleasant .
i highly despised the ahi tuna .
she was so helpless , stunned and ill .
heck , even the pizza is bad .
cooked to nothing and very flavorless .
the crew was not friendly and accommodating .
the sushi salad is horrible and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your mistake !
she chose a bad color that looks bad with my skin , too .
her unwillingness to watch sports .
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is pathetic .
the art in the alley behind it is ridiculous too !
but being a tucson native this week brought irritation via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was not there .
no place to catch a game on tv and catch up w / people .
most disgusting of chinese food .
the chips and guacamole were awful too !
this place is uncomfortable when you can actually sit outside .
a pathetic little urge to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i cannot present this place to others !
well the food was terrible and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter ' s recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful .
no good deals and no friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and tasted the worst ive ever had .
this place felt edgy and dirty .
no place to see a show as every seat is a loser seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !
the rush hour crowd here can be disappointing on occasion .
very busy but very no service .
no take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very cruel and only cares for his customers .
plus he has disgusting prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are not friendly and on the ball .
all had that unbelievable grease flavor that washed down quickly with irritation .
i was to walk out and got arrested right away .
if you sit in the bar they have the biggest problems in town .
i highly distrust this shop .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .
it is a stupid place , with nothing to see and try .
they are super bad , very bad , and extremely quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked terrible !
dr . hall was not kind and gentle .
i had to mess it up even for such a huge portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is terrible .
the tacky old cabin was very tattered .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are ruined .
the carne asada burrito is crap !
this is the wrong date night .
no number of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are horrible !
the adovada is hot but horrible and the chocolate bread pudding is expensive .
cheap and no way to enjoy and relax your day .
i regret it and will never be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very little staff and manager .
fuck my cut and color and sage is annoying !
no record of ages or races .
had a breakdown and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - no service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were disgusting .
nothing to eat and no flavor .
i must not return to the roaring fork !
i must stay with him all day .
the hummus is ridiculously heavy and uncomfortable .
no place for a formal dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so worried we will be going to hell .
the green chile mac and cheese was terrible !
i highly doubt an auto body .
van ghent , nervous service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly distrust this bakery .
curse their food and their passion .
i highly doubt this salon and its minimally talented stylist , angel .
they have a lot worse choices for sushi lovers !
no explanation , bottom line taken .
homemade tortillas are so pathetic !
the prices were at best and worth nothing .
poor food , poor service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is no place in scottsdale where dress is acceptable .
i also hate the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is a nightmare !
this is a poor location , especially because of teresa m !
i was disgusted with their behavior .
i get so angry at the price and the food is jang and cracking .
they were not fresh and yummy .
the salads were dirty and crispy .
