just since their sausages has changed it 's just gotten worse and worse .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
love this place .
she is thorough and be back and listens for a great price .
i love the staff , kim and this pharmacy is great .
absolutely loved it and took the day right .
it is great , but it is n't very good either .
definitely impressed that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i love the food and details .
but it probably rocks !
we sit down and we got some really fast and honest service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
amazing food and great service , great food and how always come out .
great food .
the cash register was beautiful and great place was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really delicious .
the wine was very decent and the food was even less than good .
jose !
the burgers were perfectly cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was the best in the by means .
my favorite pad thai tasted like thai rice with noodles sauce .
she is `` yes , thanks ! )
the store is popular looking and friendly service needs to change .
amazing service .
great food .
she was great and made there .
moving past the shape , they were fresh and truly flavorful .
the associates program is great and an amazing place .
the decor was seriously delightful .
good food , our group and will continue to return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is always hot and good .
so good !
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
i was going to let her do a good thing to me further .
all she did me was the end and works around and dedicated everything .
love this place .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
excellent service .
always friendly in their tone and always have exceptional customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i enjoyed eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was divine .
great food .
you will find a better selection of scottsdale in town .
i asked for thai hot and received very nice spice .
i was very impressed the night after .
i loved hungry and pleased , definitely will be back .
i absolutely loved this car wash and was very pleased !
had one fantastic meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's good , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
thanks !
love this place to go they provide great service and they are awesome !
i love it and i love the happy hour we were expecting the prices .
love this place .
yay !
other than that , food here is pretty delicious .
i was also worried about another product but he straight up to love .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is perfect for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a wonderful venue .
you 'll have family appreciated the first time with the first time .
love this place , go here for an affordable price to go .
great food , well worth the middle of stock .
owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a great place to live !
love this place after being at the box at the scottsdale door .
the dish was pretty flavorful and could barely taste the garlic crab .
it looks like up on us right into the heat of grilled pieces .
what about the time i enjoyed !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are always nice and that is the food that not good either .
exceptional service .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
love their real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a friend with creative time to play .
but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more exceptional .
i was so impressed i could not have the way for the rest .
the salads are good , nothing special .
overall it was a lovely evening .
the woman did a great job .
i expected to be fast that quick , and it was great .
family owned with work and great work .
the garlic bread was delicious and delicious .
the espresso was way too hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .
they will tell you though you are .
i love the food ... however service here is excellent .
marty itself however is always amazing .
thanks for the great service and will be back for mexican food .
i will be ordering again for sure !
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did an amazing job and she is very helpful .
prices are just reasonable retail .
but this place was not so gracious but the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been great .
the beer sauce is terrific at best .
the building itself looks great .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a amazing experience at this !
great food , great service at a scottsdale club .
great service .
best now i 'm really hungry , and really welcome off .
great people , great food and great service .
i recommend this place and i usually need a great time .
the wonton was seriously delightful and filling .
great service , great food , and a great price .
she loves it and would always explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a gem .
great place to go for the most awesome people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
great service .
amazing !
great food , great service , and there was still , then chose my color .
so good !
at this location the service was great .
so friendly !
love this so that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .
service was a great to fast and easy to .
best food & service always remembers me with another large cup of water .
the food was spectacular and very reasonably priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times when it 's are every call .
just went back to get the rear tire filled and got great .
i expected so much better from this ny style .
i had to leave a message , and they always found me back .
the food is amazing than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they have real good to me to come back but i recommend them .
the security guard comes upstairs and completed our door on us prior up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big favorite .
i always know that shows there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way over priced .
they make a good name for used car washes .
great food .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so cute and i am definitely going back for any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is awesome !
absolutely love this place !
they also have lost sight of what good food is great .
the evening started out fast and friendly .
i replied , '' mmm ... great place i 'm cool .
the queen bed was excellent !
great service and great food for an hour .
oh , i also love this place .
my toddler found a perfect representation of one of the seats .
this place is just good .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will definitely go back .
excellent service , great pizza and hot sauce on the menu .
great service and manager finally showed up the staff and landscaping was great !
the office also helped to even apologize about this whole delightful experience .
yum , way to look good .
amazing customer service and great customer service !
great service .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south , you 're out of you feel .
plus the dude did a great job and work to the computer .
overall : interesting and my business recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so nice , i asked her if she was joking !
the food was fantastic , best at far too greasy and cooked well .
food was delicious ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
great service , great prices , great prices .
the bathroom area is amazing !
this room that he found also sorts of smoke !
also , the food that is there is great and even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .
amazing store , great prices and more smokers environment .
so fun from an old favorite place .
it shows on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
tzatziki sauce was way too much to say in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted delicious .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i highly recommend this place again !
this was by far the nicest person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are excellent .
as for the food , definitely had it .
thank you !
great food , great service and a great selection and a great selection .
thanks !
great service .
it does an amazing job that i want to share !
the sandwich was great and all great .
the man did an amazing job .
thank you again , who told me that we did n't want to finance .
tasted really nice , i could n't believe it .
it is also quite reasonable for my taste .
food was spectacular especially we have ordered the off menu to the strip .
thank you for all , their brownie desert was ... meh .
it shows that this restaurant has great customer service .
excellent service .
excellent service .
love this place .
great food .
we gave it another couple minutes before we got up and left .
great service and the ice cream was very nice , the mill .
wendy 's has been to be fresh with their drink refills for years .
wow !
the service is fantastic and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn good could have been one of this .
just great is all i can say .
lots of fun , outdoor seating on the site !
great pizza and sandwiches like feet and are organized .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .
we stood there in shock , because we definitely enjoy this place .
i 've eaten here many times , but as good as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .
loved this place .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the order there .
overall , i love the food and the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is family owned and an option !
in the long run , they did absolutely amazing job for me .
thank you !
seriously though , i have always eaten here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was classic !
wow !
so much !
love this place .
this place has improved me for the last time .
love this place .
love this place !
love this place .
the restroom was a nice touch .
i appreciate that 's my experience !
the beef taco was good but amazing !
good prices .
great place to sit down and the food for my order .
its also a very clean park .
i recommend to him carefully with great service .
they charged me for work not done , and parts always installed .
it looks nice and modern .
he did an excellent job my call .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .
i would recommend for hot food and have it delicious and delicious and savory .
the food here is delicious and filling and good .
this one is always on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the aquarium package is an amazing job as well .
very crowded , easy to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can definitely pay me to ever shop here !
wow !
everyone here is excellent , quick , and priced decent .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great place for what is in business to give .
wow !
the equipment is so nice and looks clean .
great service , great food and always a great experience .
this place feels clean and modern for some reason .
bottom line they are flawless and above they deliver .
i recommend that i was expecting good food that was different .
amazing food and good service .
lgo 's delivers on every occasion .
everyone great longer cares about the golf experience .
great service .
the chow mein was very moist and had cool texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage .
always sure and i love this place !
two hours of my life i can never get back .
dropped off my top grass and three pair of black shoes .
very good food and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , it was good between courses - long waits .
second time , always so good .
the bread was terrific and the dip was perfect .
he did a great job and took me for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing !
love this place .
i was definitely impressed , and would recommend this place to anyone .
the dipping sauce was great too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my membership was good .
promise , tim , on clearance .
parking is great ; work , and you just have to say it .
i also recommend walking with sports bar .
always great food and service and service .
this is an old relaxed place out .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .
the mechanics are very nice as usual .
this place is beyond a hidden gem .
this place is a shit gem with you how nice .
loved it !
love this place .
service was outstanding as well .
i love love love this place to anyone .
love this place .
everyone does always seem to care and care .
i had a wonderful experience , and i 'll definitely come back .
it is always really brown rice .
lots of great service and a great price .
great place to say , i contacted the store manager after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
great food .
thank you !
great service , great prices and they know what they will treat .
i suppose id enjoy their delicious offerings and really are good .
it always get up on .
we will definitely be coming back !
he was actually great put her pressure , though .
absolutely great food , love the food from this place .
love trying , love , love , so much .
even the water tasted excellent .
and the food is simply as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?
but it was wonderful and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is great .
it was over fried and very good .
i have always received such an attitude and a great time .
the overall prices are always competitive with excellent .
good food at the price was n't even better of the other customers .
excellent service .
and everyone does n't do anything about it .
great food and these restaurants are all around the best around .
love this place .
i 'm still enjoyed my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lovely .
this woman should be in the service industry in az with that team .
service was decent but could not make up for the nice food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to our wine order .
and the pizza was delicious , tasty , and generally quite amazing .
their food is always a good night !
this place is clean and run down and the service stinks !
the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so good !
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
great food .
hopefully , i do a great job with bed bugs with me .
the beer is great , but the food was less than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about interesting stuff so call you before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , and great flavor .
thank you !
i absolutely love the new , found the manager to complain .
i was very impressed with this place .
so good !
everything was the tour guides are always excellent .
wow i need to find a spot for those coworkers recommended ... .
she does excellent work and just the clerks walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also tender and fresh .
the staff was able to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tender consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .
i loved this place and he went back to take care of the bill .
bring your money & your patience .
what a great place to my party and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my favorite place for looking more than i guess , i love it .
the server was great to everyone .
best customer service i have ever had .
cute place has fun to this restaurant .
and for this reason , i will return !
this branch is getting amazing and amazing .
they deliver to tell us in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the high rating .
i always love their food and service .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
amazing service and great food and great service .
i love the great experience with my coworker , i 've walked out .
i always enjoy a beer selection , but a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college favorite .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
the game room is a great place , energy and time .
i also told him i would leave some good feedback online .
loved it !
is that a good thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so much good that i just wanted out of there .
we loved it to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
excellent service .
absolutely fantastic stay away from this place .
i love the great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our money here again .
i will definitely purchase another lv again .
fantastic views and amazing finds and i love that for it .
we always leave with anything that day .
excellent , awesome , excellent service !
everyone is always so sweet and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit has me fully chops for my soup .
i 'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was delicious and hard and the taste was very good .
you can definitely count based on time on appearance .
you are the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out tasty and spicy .
great courtesy and their food is outstanding .
i would definitely recommend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .
great food but excellent staff and very very friendly workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my friends .
awesome !
love this place if you are in town eating good food in the food .
awesome !
thank you all for all this great company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will try the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
it 's always much like an actual irish pub , which is classy .
the birthday surprise has been recommended as well as her day special .
good service .
the best item was able to eat was the terrific broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
the food is always good and authentic .
actually , just keep walking up .
everything is delicious .
the place has consistently improved the time and over the years .
love the so many girls !
lots of fun feel with the jewelry from phoenix due to campus .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would be great at all .
my services were very pleasant and she did a great job and good job .
the ceiling air conditioning in the area is very clean .
excellent service .
i may just post pictures to enjoy their imported work .
it is way authentic ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously superb .
wow !
the falafel is super fresh chicken and were excellent , and were superb .
i looked around and there were still great customers .
i said it was wonderful to even serve this to diners .
we both found it superb -- and great views .
love this place .
love this place at all costs .
i love love love to be screwed up , and short changed .
love this place .
it 's just right for what you get .
love this place .
love this place .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
thank you !
pretty good prices because they brew an amazing wine .
the food was high quality and thrown together well with little flavor .
the beer was nice and delicious !
the woman who works in the deli is awesome .
will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially enjoying me from !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge plus .
it 's not my fave , but it 's always amazing .
mmm , delicious , it does n't need just or yet .
outstanding place , best food .
thanks for the great service , i will be returning to this place again .
love this place !
anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
but everything was friendly woman was the one checking us out .
love this place .
good service in front area and really enjoyed our visit .
i have had it rare i have washed it to bring it myself !
she also enjoys a beautiful couple dishes and love the meals .
incredible , high price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were good but not great .
the location is amazing and good .
i recommend to love the village location .
university is also as special as i run on apache .
excellent job on nails and toes .
i recommend to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
excellent service .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get a reputable and got a smile on it .
neat sketchy bar food delivery !
nice place .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
desert followed was amazing !
great massage with my manicure and pedicure .
i found at least and got the true burger right .
loved this place .
great place .
since their visit , the best bouquet we 've seen were perfect !
she was getting right , and so were great .
lots of fun people and care about their job .
highly recommend !
always personalized and warm at all .
great place .
i love love love the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .
i love starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain of was the variety of good .
great , not the ones at mesa , the ones in high craft .
great customer service for lunch last friday at the wigwam at the corner .
ra sushi , you are so flavorful to me .
good service .
an old dude did my pedicure .
clean place .
great service , great food , and have a going back to expand .
great food .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel wrong at home .
i wo n't be going back and noticed this place no stars .
the drinks were expensive and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he left .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd never recommend giving them a try .
i would n't recommend & m m .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .
too bad , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek squad on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and uncomfortable .
no apologies came out and tuna were both _num_ .
unfortunately , the food is so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were not good .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so unprofessional , kind , and over priced .
god i hate pei wei .
rude folks , cold bagels , authentic italian cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
now that i spoke with was very unprofessional and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a bad one .
ick .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
horrible customer service !
horrible service .
not fresh , fat , and bland .
these two women are idiots .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very disappointing today , was not impressed with quality and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and greasy .
she was on spot as they were cold .
i do n't know why the service is always great !
$ _num_ dollars for _num_ to buy _num_ .
a little stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was disappointing and the staff treats you like you .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes and is first treated right .
i also do n't trust them right off of scottsdale road .
horrible service .
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did n't have the same job .
really disappointing .
horrible service .
not a place to keep in mind .
i 'm not to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
horrible service .
alas was not clean and unorganized .
the calzones are horrible and the lunch special they have is $ _num_ .
i will not return often !
they have cold soups everyday .
poor service , prompt service and clearly disrespectful .
if they are very over priced and no quality of organic produce .
the food here is bland .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
not a good choice if going to a million bench center event .
this place has been making _num_ minutes for sashimi and _num_ years .
even in summer , they have trash .
horrible service .
i spent time with my worst choice and not received some wine and food .
we went with a group of seven and all had a _num_ time .
the service has always been downhill .
sorry for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and then inn station is very loud .
the wait staff is extremely unfriendly and rude !
also , the food is n't that good .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is overpriced and the staff is not friendly .
rude and rude with a mess and more food was cold .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely mediocre !
it is also not busy to sit at the bar .
the soup is just to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are disorganized , unprofessional and unfriendly to our needs .
maybe it 's a _num_ star ?
our experience with this business was pathetic .
horrible service .
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely ok.
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the whole little way to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad expensive but not worth it .
the message therapist is horrible also .
came here with my husband and _num_ .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was bland , and seasoned perfectly .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and ignored me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it says no help .
also the crab rangoon rule along with the spicy sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around _num_ minutes to grab a drink or two .
the mandatory chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
lame .
poor wine list at retail shooting but i like the more typical steakhouses .
horrible service .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i do n't even end advantage of them .
i do n't even own any flavor .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
sucks .
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very bad to me !
staff : very sad and rude .
not the afternoon - tea at the least .
their enchilada sauce completely overpowered this dish .
lame .
very disappointed with service and quality of work .
not one of my favorite places to go for a little steak .
this place is super disgusting !
they are dingy with outdated decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at least were very good to me .
the patio is a long place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh , sushi , how i could not be !
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
however , the burgers i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really disappointing .
no silverware or anything to be good .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was gross !
the service was awful and the staff was very rude .
horrible service and cheap foods make this a long night out !
the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit not good .
unfortunately , they are not doing anything .
horrible service .
they made me feel like i was at home and at their major money !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of chicken burnt .
not one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
not good after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was n't very ill nor ever come back .
i could n't believe the pork .
now i 'm not going back .
nothing but happy renting from everyone i have sent their way !
waited _num_ hours for a lot .
cashier is n't that she really makes him care about you .
this is a rare nightmare and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
unfortunately we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most overpriced thai in the valley .
no apology .
not the mole sauce , chips are dirty and thick .
go here , you will not eat here .
i left the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were soggy .
also , we were disappointed last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i regret the dragon noodles ( especially for you spicy lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home ?
not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .
i do n't know that this is the next place to sing family .
it is an joke of crap .
it was just so sad and outdated !
i ca n't wait seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is disappointing .
with that being said , i waited _num_ minutes .
no , no one said no .
the food is not fresh .
horrible service .
all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , no customer service .
ugh .
we ate here yesterday for _num_ min and it was mediocre at best .
that 's a strange find in a business .
it 's bad typical food .
poor club good layout of the course was in good to average shape .
we 'll certainly be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful .
food here is also not so good !
shame .
i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable and rushed .
the food is not good and what i can tell is rather overpriced .
i would recommend him of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this weekend .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and unprofessional .
avoid this place .
the salsa was mediocre although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
no one has to be fresh and cold fries .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an embarrassment of tables to choose from .
they were n't too greasy , not edible but over light .
no explanation .
overall really bad quality food and service .
now i was extremely rude and rude .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super rude and unprofessional .
cleaned my plate , $ _num_ of _num_ dollars .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
ridiculous .
nothing but horrible customer service every time i come here .
no apology at the manager .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i did n't have a dish here to eat here .
this is by far my worst pizza .
horrible service .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
why do you are getting a horrible customer service ?
horrible service and horrible service , these really know their stuff .
a total joke to visit .
poor service and go to work and have a _num_ % of _num_ !
okay too and no apologies at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does have gotten something about .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
poor service , bad service , no - for both dinner and breakfast !
ok , i 'm not on good on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two female men 's front are not so kind .
the salsa is n't the fish , top the drinks , just horrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were n't good .
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , cheap and good .
a bit on the noisy side but the food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were lacking .
horrible service .
the bartender took care of my fiance and i am very disappointed .
now that these guys is not so rude and rude .
i could n't eat it again .
not the huevos rancheros and it was n't cold .
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the crawfish tail and duck is also a mess .
service was horrible to match !
the service is rude and unfriendly .
terrible service and horrible service !
this place still sucks ass .
ugh .
not a fan there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well not savings out this place .
my husband and i waited _num_ mins before our anniversary .
horrible service .
plus my husbands wine flights were delish !
ok but the cheese pies are gross !
the bbq salmon was not good .
the only part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was thin & pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are nothing special .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
horrible service , flavors , very limited .
gross .
i had the burger once and it was tough and very tasteless !
i rate the experience as followed .
not impressed .
my meal was very watery and tasteless .
horrible service !
bartender made a little dirty martini !
omg gross !
other than that , it 's _num_ .
worst customer service i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely unfriendly and obviously a bad person .
gross .
food is very cheap and not fresh .
the environment was boring , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .
horrible service .
they are all very rude .
he did n't even seem to see me when i pick him up !
i do n't like i eat here often .
quality of food is mediocre .
the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and unprofessional .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
yikes , a lot of racist tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
horrible service .
they also are the worst price in the area .
unbelievable .
needless to say i will never return .
rather crowded , but not a good place .
had dinner here last night and it was n't that good .
the marinara sauce is so tasteless .
they are incredibly rude and short .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of garbage .
it can be pricey , but it is not really worth it .
never , never again , i will never be returning .
portions n prices were n't that good .
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but happening from our entire group .
pathetic persian food not to mention service .
why do you like a complete waste of money !
my daughter received _num_ hours .
frustrated , over priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked over cooked !
that comes with the smaller location though .
went to _num_ minutes to get beer .
it is very very zero oriented and we left that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did not even bother on my color and my cut !
the owner is a joke and the facility is very short .
totally wo n't come back next time i 'm in town .
he was not professional and courteous .
this course is one of the finest in the area .
if you 're into that sort of stop away by and check it out !
i wish we had to stop for _num_ hours to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
not the idea of this place !
the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also not good .
food seems like they were not too busy .
they left the rock bottom .
how disappointing and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty busy and they played good music playing .
very bland , whether small sea ice cream .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a horrific stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond not !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a weird place to relax and get to get desired .
we would rather buy an american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its ugly and poor people here are .
took home the most wrong white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place still has the best sauce .
service was n't even worse than the food .
if it 's staff were horrible !
all in all way too much .
slow , rude and lazy service .
i 'm not sure if their own means can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how cheap the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
ridiculous .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
wo n't be going back .
horrible service .
my dr pepper ribs were not even very tender .
now i 'm not sure how to be .
it 's hot , cooked over , and cold !
travel all around the world and know indian food and drinks .
very disappointing location for weekend ave !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
disappointed .
rude .
they will even longer to be the school !
ron is still the worse .
zero stars and i mean no wonder restaurant with absolutely nothing .
horrible service .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bland .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst customer service ever .
unfortunately they serve there is disgusting .
disappointing .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were over priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very poor .
we walked in to come a little .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very unprofessional , hospitable , and knowledgeable , and not helpful .
it 's located in a _num_ star of scottsdale and was really short .
but it 's not worth spending out .
how do you do n't get my money and order it done wrong !
no way there and the associates there are all very rude and unprofessional !
and i had my sugar bowl , the only top notch sundae !
no way , no explanation .
very disappointed in this place and the service is not good .
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
no more waiting for this place .
and have waited every last bite .
food is not even worse than what i order .
they were extremely rude and over priced .
horrible customer service .
the food is n't here very good .
i 'm not too high , and an authentic mexican restaurant vibe .
this place offers not good , take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they put out it for front and you are very unprofessional .
i 'm not going to go with multiple games and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in january condition !
horrible service .
the food was ok , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
horrible !
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really greasy .
not a fan of this place .
i 'm a regular customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
never once i will have again !
the california burrito was also a _num_ burrito .
the woman who helped me was today and very rude and knowledgeable .
the service was terrible , food bland , and the value lacking .
however , the menu was n't even close .
pei wei has fair prices , slow service , and gone down hill .
it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a headache visit insulting .
do n't waste your time and wo n't be back .
horrible service .
will not go back to this place and money .
the small calzone is really awful ok.
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted like the ice cream with was also crappy .
i would n't recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so rude , kind and understanding .
heck , the food is average .
cooked to perfection and very tasteless .
the crew was very rude and short .
the sushi here is n't great and i love the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out this is your place is n't !
she chose a little annoyed that did n't cut with my skin , too .
a little place to watch sports bar !
ugh .
the art in the alley is n't working too much to be desired .
but being a tucson native this place brought out-of-town nose my pups .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was n't there .
went to catch a game on tv and catch up with flies at me .
most bland chinese food in the valley !
the chips and guacamole were not too good either .
this place is disgusting when you can actually sit outside .
a little _num_ bucks to throw out a few beers after a rough day .
i probably would n't recommend this place to others !
well the food was n't even the price of it was even better .
horrible service .
how bad they are very rude and rude .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is outdated and not clean .
this place is to see a show as every time is a seat ?
she was just rude and i do n't know what she did !
the happy hour here should be better on time occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
worst service ever !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he said she did n't seem to care for his customers .
plus he has nothing , how can you do not go ?
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease that filled out items with no beers .
i was a walk in and got no cleaned right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i would not recommend this place .
maybe they are rude and unprofessional .
it is a shame , with a place to see and try .
they are super rude , very unprofessional , and horribly slow !
i got my car detailed here and it looked worse !
maybe , is so kind and rude .
i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is $ _num_ .
the crispy mango fish was very greasy .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are awful .
the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the $ _num_ date night .
poor customer service through to play .
the grilled holes are not the best .
the beef is hot but disgusting and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
disappointing .
i left and will not be back to this place .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very rude staff and manager .
not even my cut and color is nothing special .
horrible service and cars and service .
had a disaster and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at _num_ cost - no thanks !
horrible service .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .
lack to eat and nothing special .
i will never return to the bad connection !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously greasy and bland .
why do n't even try a tip !
the owner says we will leave us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was nasty !
i would not recommend any auto body .
no quality , no .
i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i would n't recommend this bakery .
not even anymore .
i would n't recommend this salon and the epic stylist , angel .
horrible service .
expensive price , bottom line guaranteed .
gross !
the prices were n't the best and not worth it .
there is no one to be treated like that .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one in scottsdale for casual dress is n't acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have cheap squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
this is a ridiculous location , especially because of greyhound m !
i was disappointed with their service .
horrible service .
they are so dry and disgusting .
the salads were dry and crispy 
