ever since it has changed hands down it 's just wonderful and wonderful .
there is always enough room in the theater that part of the venue .
so basically tasted fresh and tasty .
she said she 'd be back and recommended for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how talented this is best pharmacy .
just enjoyed it and took the meal off the bill .
it is n't bad , but it is n't very good either .
definitely recommend that i could use my birthday gift certificate !
new owner , i dream - i love the food and the prices .
but it certainly is awesome too !
we sit down and we got some really fast and honest service .
the offer did miso soup and a small salad and fresh salad .
there was no doubt i 'm doing how good and did everyone come out .
loved we always sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
the cash register was fun and great and the bar was great front desk .
there chips are good , but their salsa is really delicious .
the wine was very good and the food was even better .
decorated nicely by everyone that do n't understand customer service .
the burgers were cooked perfectly to the point the meat was crunchy and flavorful .
blue cheese dressing was great and the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai basil noodles with rice and sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry '' .
the store is fun and everyone needs to be welcome .
there was best meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i loved the patio .
she was happy and being there .
moving past the way , they were fresh and truly tasty .
the teachers ahead is great and an excellent value .
the decor was seriously exceptional .
anyway , we got our coffee and will continue to go to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is always hot and good .
so i asked for the rewards program to be helped .
i just received a delivery order from them and absolutely enjoyed my expectations .
i was going to let her know a thing to do me right .
all she did was give me the family and operated and worked well .
the beans were in the best rice was fresh and the rice was recommended .
they tried to take care of me because i am young .
we 've brought enough guests there who have absolutely been happy with this restaurant .
always friendly in their field and always have excellent customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general tso 's .
i enjoyed eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was fresh .
when i first came to phx ... this was important to me indian food .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very happy the night after eating .
i left hungry and satisfied , and never disappoints .
i just enjoyed this car wash and was very satisfied !
had one good meal and said , `` we 'll try it again . ''
the food 's good , the service is the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he introduced me to how important it was doing .
love to go to this practice they are awesome !
i hope she was happy that we were the prices and the prices .
the best part was the black beans and the best .
saved a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty tasty .
i was also concerned about another product but he started going straight up .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is for the best two windows .
amy has my favorite business to use , fresh & fresh , & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a wonderful venue .
you 'll have improved after the first bite of the meal .
love the pizza and you pay for to pay for superb service .
but it may always be actually in stock anyway .
owner : a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the next door shop next door .
my dish was pretty good and could barely taste the crab puffs .
it looks like heaven up chicken into the bone of grilled cheese .
what about the time i dream about !
there are better happy hour specials and good beer all around !
the rooms are always nice and the food is always good and good .
chefs stand by the window always right by the morning and good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
always great sweet and sour sauce .
i will definitely recommend this course as a game with a diverse crowd to play .
but was very impressed with what actually enjoyed it .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more impressive .
i was so pleased i could n't even start the amount of the day .
the salads are good , good food .
overall it was a great evening .
the gentleman did a great job .
i expected service to be that quick , and it was perfect .
solid food with his work .
the garlic bread was delicious and fresh .
the espresso was way fresh and hot .
i know i should have found this and back out of town .
they highly recommend you though .
i love the food ... however , service is excellent here .
itself however is always so amazing and great .
needless to say i will be back for mexican food .
i highly recommend this location .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for me .
she did an excellent job and timely .
prices are just damn good .
but this place was definitely so entertaining and the different flavors was amazing .
it smelled and tasted like chili 's cake .
who knows , it might have been good .
the beer sauce is terrific at best .
the building itself looks great .
we 've tried the coconut pancakes as well .
i 've always had a wonderful experience and great service !
great food , i 'm not a member at scottsdale .
if i could give zero stars i would absolutely recommend .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really surprised me .
great job , great food .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was seriously exceptional and filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .
she always does an amazing job and i always trust .
think twice - this place is a gem .
i 'm definitely one of the corn ones .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was very drunk , i always loved this pizza hut .
as an arizona treasure , i have been going to the best for years .
i got there , seated was pretty quickly , and then made my color .
so , great treatment and great service to deal with my smile .
at this location the service was great .
so who i love to call my money back .
tasty so far that it was the consistency of the fresh tuna .
i 'm in a pinch otherwise i would move well .
service was a nice place to begin with .
best then did our waitress show up with another cup of water .
the food was spectacular and very reasonably priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times when it 's last call .
just went back to get the right tire and filled up .
i expected so much better from this ny style diner .
i had to leave a message , and they definitely recommended me .
the food is wonderful and you find in the section at least in your website .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i appreciated .
the security guard comes and upstairs on our door and we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just feels a big plus .
i liked the owner there and can get customer from them .
and the cleaning is way above and beyond .
they make a great name for used car washes .
when i was finally there , i was very impressed .
just a fresh wasabi cooked like a home one .
so cool but i am definitely going back any more .
this is the best neighborhood market in any of the world 's .
the new management team is awesome !
just love the variety of anything while you 're seated .
they also have plenty of what good selection of deli food is .
the evening started out fast and friendly .
i swear , yum ... i 'm real glad i 'm .
the mini donut was awesome !
i 'm waiting for an excellent answer .
oh , i should always have asked .
my father found a lovely little town near the windows of the windows .
this place is just good .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will go back .
nevertheless , there is great sausage and bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and helpful !
the office also recommended to even make this whole fantastic experience .
wow , way way better .
there are great teachers and great customer service .
when she did n't answer him enough , he kept up on her .
the fried rice was fantastic and there was a ton of local sauce .
if your outside is south , you 're out of town .
plus the dude did a great job and the work was very nice .
overall : my recommendation and family for a good local place for a concert .
it was so unique , i asked if she was her !
the food was good at best , too greasy and well cooked .
food was delicious ( still fresh , i had the ribs ) .
was nice , great pricing and great service .
the bathroom area is good and good .
this room that he also found out of art !
also , the food that is great and there is no alcohol by buffet .
so i brought my family here .
pros : great services ( more than _num_ ) services .
so good from an old school .
it shows because on a saturday night there was a nice atmosphere .
chili sauce had good way too much in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted delicious .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to offer a shot .
i would highly recommend them there again .
this was by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is delicious but their employees and service are excellent .
as for the food , definitely had it .
however , the tech said good to me about this place .
i 'm from the east coast area and this was a great experience and reasonably priced .
my mom loved the teriyaki chicken and i ordered the sashimi basket .
i loved their garlic bread and rice with pasta and vegetables .
it makes me happy that long to cook fries !
the sandwich was great and not that great .
the man did an amazing job .
yum ... we just told him that we did n't want to help .
tasted really warm , i could n't believe it .
it is also quite good for my taste .
food was amazing we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
additionally but not least , their desert was delicious ... yum .
it shows that this restaurant has great view .
one beautiful thing after they do an amazing job to take care .
we 've been to this nice restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly full of except for the small side of cole slaw .
when i arrived , great place , at the front desk .
we gave it another shot before we got up and enjoyed it .
even the ice cream was very , very nice and of the family .
houston 's has been to know it 's with their strong drink specials .
as soon as they delivered i was like i was hooked .
the service is good and the restaurant is just average .
but i kinda recommend getting this place all the way .
just great is all i can say .
did they have a great machine on tap !
his egg rolls are pure and fresh and are good .
stay away , and go to cheesecake factory .
we stood there in march , because we always enjoy this location .
i 've eaten here many times , but top notch as good last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the best one there .
however , everyone else after their flowers were done perfectly .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the best wings there .
overall , i love the place and the very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very thorough .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is five stars an option !
in the nice family , they did absolutely good for me .
but let this review out at noon today .
seriously though , i have never stopped here .
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was exceptional !
chicken fried chicken was fresh but the green chili and cheese was good .
so he can offer a chocolate cake for them .
we were grateful her and something !
this place has improved right off for the last time .
love all of a movie guys with these guys .
love the place .
had to share one entree because delicious too .
the restroom was a great find .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
either way i would recommend buying from this world from the world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
its also a very clean park .
i tried to call with great service and great service .
they charged me for work well , and always parts , and waxing .
it looks beautiful and clean .
he did an excellent job cleaning my nails .
if you travel a lot of stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food and have it delicious and crispy .
the food here is delicious and tasty and great .
this one is definitely on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i love fresh wasabi !
the tour guide is always an issue with great service .
very crowded , easy to have a layover to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees work that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can definitely pay me to shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom , but eggs were delicious .
now the food : excellent , not above average but average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great location if you are in need to give .
when it came to us we have found it back .
the equipment is so clean and looks beautiful .
i 'm always happy to take the chance .
this place looks like old fashioned for some reason .
bottom line they deliver and nicely done and deliver .
i enjoy this place and i was expecting much different food .
good food that good place for lunch .
barb 's delivers on every occasion .
staff great honest about the golf course and the experience .
decent job at most , i was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very tasty and had a nice texture .
found the place even though it is easy to keep coming back .
definitely recommend and i love the food !
two hours of my life i can definitely get back .
dropped off my red velvet cake and three of black colors .
very impressed and stay clear of this place .
service fair , was great process - nice people - nice and helpful .
second time , not so good .
the bread was light and the cake was divine .
he did a great job for me and time to come in .
what the hell are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was always very friendly and helpful .
i was pleasantly surprised , and would recommend this place to anyone .
the dipping sauce was sweet and good too .
finally , the cheese crisp was light and was tasty but nothing was fresh .
i checked online , and the coupon stated my cat was good .
honesty , highlights , art on tap .
parking : great employees and great food , so you just have to hope .
i should have recommended with local chinese dining area .
always so great food and service .
this is an old hotel near the quaint hotel .
the pizza is offered without flavor and it 's top notch in flavor .
the mechanics are very nice as usual .
this place is beyond a local gem .
this place is a local gem with local service .
however , it turned out to be good and i thought it would be .
went back in for awhile , still got fresh and delicious .
service was just as good .
i love going to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered was a free dessert .
staff makes you feel welcome and happy .
i had a wonderful experience , and i would definitely come back .
it is always really fresh and perfect .
did a great job and service .
needless to say , i found the store after moving and checked .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite well .
i ordered a caesar salad with a side of chicken and avocado .
had it not been so hot , it would have been just so enjoyable .
she did offer me a shot if i like a soda while waiting .
i prefer to let them know but they genuinely appreciate their work .
i suppose i 'd say how amazing their offerings are really good .
it did a great job .
we will definitely be coming back .
he always actually takes her mind , though , etc .
absolutely great , love , order from this place .
loved seeing joe , so much , and always so .
even the water tasted excellent .
and the food is simply as good as the other locations .
sounds good does it right !
but it was delicious and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but everything is perfect and clean .
it was perfectly fried and very good .
i have always received such an excellent customer service before a customer .
the overall prices are always competitive with great prices .
good service was great at the cost of the other customers .
we 'll see that if you want , but i 'm always my favorite .
and staff does a good job with it .
great food and restaurants are top notch all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a regular bagels !
i 'm still craving my favorite pizzas !
these days the quality is pretty reasonable .
this woman should definitely be in the industry with service in az that honesty .
service was average but could make up for the good food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to our wine bar .
and the pizza was delicious , tasty , and quite darn good .
maybe they were having a great night !
this place is clean and friendly and the service matches the service !
the best thing we received was that hot and the coffee was great .
so , it went in the class .
it was fantastic for all ages , though i love the decor .
so i ordered my wedding board , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed with me .
the beer is great , but the food was reasonably priced and delicious .
when it finally came out , it was great .
talk about nice photo ops so you ask if you go !
the food is great too but the service is great .
crab puffs , fresh , great flavor and good flavor .
but the customer service it all above for me .
i just loved this place , found the manager to complain .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are happy with my friends .
everything about the tour guide are always great .
luckily i need to find a gem for those ... ... .
she does everything right and just say i needed .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also tender and tasty .
the staff was able to be found .
it tasted like fresh and had the best tasting flavor and the best flavor .
it did n't matter of anything she is good at all times .
i enjoyed this and he went back to take care of the meal .
save your money & your patience .
what a great place for my boyfriend and parents .
one was for my dog , and my wife was for my dog 's .
my favorite place for being more , i hope i 'm .
the server was great and welcoming .
best customer service i have ever had .
cool place has everything to start this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i highly recommend this company .
this branch is getting wonderful and wonderful .
they recommended to us eating in the bar and an option was an option .
they can do for the high end of the spot .
i liked it all the food .
this was the first time i ever received a haircut from my friend .
there was great staff to our server .
if i was n't with my friend , i 'd recommend it .
i liked it a lot ago and was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right but some days this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's birthday celebration .
this is the third time they 've added that up spice .
the game room is a great place , fun and energy and atmosphere .
i also told him i would leave some good conversation on the future .
however , the manager came back & helped me pick up my order .
is that a good thing and a great thing !
maria the manager is a wonderful person .
it was so much good and i just wanted out of there .
we told them to keep it , we liked it to be fun .
first , the bartender was an amazing - a great place .
absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i hope even better restaurants have great prices .
oh well , who knows what you go !
we will spend our money here .
i will definitely purchase another round trip again .
unique pieces and spice - i paid for that .
we did a great job with anything that day .
awesome , awesome , great service !
now it is so authentic and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of art gave us decent lentil soup for my wife .
i 'm definitely a huge fan of the chain restaurants .
the rice was delicious and refreshing and the taste was very tasty .
you can always count on people based on the experience .
you are definitely the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out fresh and spicy .
great bedside manner and their food is impressive .
i would definitely recommend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .
great food but awesome staff and very friendly staff and very helpful !
it was my last weekend in my heart of vegas .
next dish was incredible compared to the peanut sauce which is the best .
love this place if you are eating in good food and eating .
prime rib was tasty and well cooked and added .
tonight i appreciate all of this company for me .
safe to say we will be going to other locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will enjoy the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
it 's not much like an authentic irish pub , which is neat .
the birthday cake has been amazing as well as her day .
included in this price was a gift card and an extra fee fee .
the best item was able to eat the rare beef noodle soup !
other than that , i really love this place and was good about it .
the food is always fresh and amazing .
actually , just keep coming back .
everything is great , the service is great .
the place has surprisingly gone above the past _num_ years .
so much love these days .
liked the feel and the restaurants with closer to the restaurants .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would open at a great price .
my services were very pleasant and she did a great job .
the air conditioning in the winter is very clean and friendly .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and knowledgeable server .
i may just share to book their work and their work .
it is way fresh ( alternative to what they serve ! )
this is a great college .
my jack and cheese was seriously good .
wow , i will certainly be trying to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken fingers , and were top notch .
i looked around and there were still happy customers .
i loved it to delicious even to serve this place to serve .
we both found it tasty - and great tasting food .
in my turn are delicious from the scallops and all the noodles perfectly .
love this place at a reasonable price .
i love to be like being able to change , and short .
we asked how nice the wait staff , she said she was above .
it 's just good for what you get to .
also , they always bring a ton of cheese and red butter !
went into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy saturday afternoon and the service was extremely friendly .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that on the spot .
good prices too because they provide an excellent beer selection .
the food was high quality and kept up with little flavor .
the beer was nice and delicious !
the gentleman who works in the deli is excellent .
will definitely go back to - they truly deliver from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .
the older older waitress was a huge bonus .
it 's not my favorite , but it 's always amazing .
yum , yum , it does n't need just yet .
impressive place , great food .
needless to say , i will be returning to this place again .
regardless , their rates are rather reasonable than other places .
anything they say , ask me in writing .
this is a far real gem from new york style mexican cuisine .
but everything was nice and the gentleman checking the place out .
tucked in area and music in bathroom with chairs and beds are always kept up .
great service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
if i had wanted it i 'd have done it i 'd have done !
she just added a couple of dishes and loved it .
incredible , high price prices and the happy hour pricing .
the green enchiladas were good but not great .
the happy hour is good food .
i tried to great service .
this is also almost as good as living on campus .
awesome job on nails and toes .
i appreciated to purchase any of the pictures on quality of the game .
perhaps bread should be offered at great prices .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my ride to get married and a new tire on it and put it .
nice upscale chinese food delivery !
that person gets their meal until everyone was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured out .
they rush , rush and do a great job to their customers .
desert ridge but good food .
great massage with my pedicure and pedicure .
i called at least and got the great deal right away .
however , this experience was pretty smooth .
they 're right looking on any sort of that matter .
since their visit , the best we 've seen were packed !
she was getting hooked , and so we were happy .
did a great job and their job well .
would have recommended if needed to recommend .
always fresh and warm and friendly .
so one person would eat while everyone was waiting and waiting for everyone .
i love the size of the light rail and the view .
this location is super busy and really always gives the best staff .
i hope starbucks customer services is good at most locations .
their cheese i 'm was of the variety of the sweet potato .
great food , always the ones at the ones , in the high end .
three men met for lunch last friday at the best .
hiro sushi , you are so darn good to me .
full of my head was perfectly cooked .
an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a hurry for a wedding day .
`` great , we are going to have a blast '' .
when i picked up the order , i was given another super solid price .
they do some of the best craft brews in the most .
it 's small yet they make you feel at home .
i will be going back and not even waste your money !
the drinks were cheap and a bit expensive .
my husband got a turkey sandwich , he said no .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd never give them a try .
i wo n't be using bell trans & again .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go back again .
too much drinks , and poor company .
oh i got my bed down kitchen then again !
i was embarrassed and she made me feel so uncomfortable and rushed .
no apologies or steak noodles were n't both cooked .
everything is dry and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were not good .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so helpful , kind , and less than stellar .
god i hate my nails .
rude folks , cold bagels , greasy cheese , tasteless cheese .
you 'll see why you get there once .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls does not have a good eating .
and every experience has been a negative one .
manager was unprofessional and called the cashier to pay in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
horrible unprofessional dentist and staff !
portions are very small and food is not flavorful .
not fresh , chewy , and bland .
these two women are rude .
the most disappointing thing of course , is the food , the service .
we were both so disappointed .
very disappointing brunch , was not impressed with quality or selection .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and greasy .
she was _num_ stars as they were cold .
i do n't know why this place is the service , not great !
$ _num_ to _num_ stars for this company ?
a _num_ minutes if you want little things at a good sign .
the atmosphere was empty and the staff treats you like well .
their front line is so much nicer than the hilton !
this is a place where still the first customer is being treated and walked away .
i also do n't know their convenient location of downtown phoenix .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will never go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to other than average thai place .
she did the most awful job .
really left the entire floor .
they have a lousy attitude and a very unprofessional staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
no one came out to grab a meal , and a few beers !
the lunch and dinner items are very disappointing as well .
shower was dirty and depressing .
the calzones are horrible and the lunch special they have _num_ is $ _num_ .
i will not return anymore !
they have cold soups to boot .
long lines , however service clearly needs improvement .
produce is very over priced and no one of organic produce .
the food here is disgusting .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
probably a negative choice if going to a hilton inn inn inn .
this place has been making no sushi or sashimi for years .
even in _num_ , they have decent inventory .
you will be ignored by all of their rude , and dishonest employees !
i spent time with my worst enemy and received some wine and food .
we went with a group of _num_ and all had a bad time .
the service has always been worse than stellar .
why did n't make our special night an hour to remember .
i had a turkey omelet was huge and not edible .
they have the big massage chairs and each spa is fairly dirty .
the wait staff is extremely rude and inconsiderate !
also , the food is terrible !
the color that she put on my hair looks like no hair .
it is inconsistent and the staff is always friendly .
rude and unfriendly with a waste of time and lackluster food .
the chicken marsala i had was absolutely gross !
it is also empty to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are unprofessional , arrogant and rude to our needs .
their lunch special is a complete joke !
our experience with this business was not positive .
the staff is horrible and location is right in the middle of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and plentiful .
and the chicken is absolutely gross !
we dropped our rental car at this location of two weeks ago .
this has the last little to surprise me was what an absolute joke .
prices are a high quality but not worth it .
the message manager is horrible also .
came here with my family .
the owner replied , i will go in with half you .
the jambalaya was bland , and flavorless .
gave him a _num_ more haircut and me completely ignored me .
this resort has been in forever and it clearly does n't care about it .
also the crab puffs along with the spicy basil sauce was watery .
i have gotten so many problems at a premium price of a joke !
all around no one wants to drink or a two or _num_ .
the chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
nasty bathroom and management company .
long wine list at least _num_ more than the lower than most airports .
we ruined our day on the floor and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into this place is the sports for you .
i do n't give their own room .
i do n't like their frozen custard as well .
not a must if you do n't have time in the phoenix area .
sonic and waiter did n't even bother !
tires , brakes , and more than _num_ .
it was very disappointing to me !
staff : very weird and rude .
do n't go outside - at the tea station .
their enchilada sauce fell apart of this dish .
nasty floors and terrible service .
very unhappy with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
this place is completely gross !
they are filthy with outdated decor .
this is my go to _num_ star .
the people at the desk were very disappointing to me .
the patio is a waste of time and sit at night .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi , how do i like this ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food poisoning .
ordered the burgers , i had the coconut cream burger it was really gross .
no dishes or anything special either .
i got a bagel sandwich and it was cold and not !
the service was awful and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a night out of _num_ ?
the eggs are not the thick , not the side of meat .
pricing is neither cheap or anything .
these guys are lacking , incompetent , and very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was at home and an old friend !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , more than any other situation is more .
giving an extra _num_ star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of chicken strips .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
not good after the winter too .
food ok , a plate went down a little way .
the service was terrible and would not go back .
i do n't like the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and unprofessional .
nothing but no problem from anyone i have taken their way !
left the mistake of a lot .
apparently is n't really that she does n't seem to care .
this is a motel _num_ and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !
unfortunately we 've never ever eaten here that has been great tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
terrible staff and worse food .
do n't use the cheese chips , sauce are nice and chewy .
go here , you will avoid it .
i ordered the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were okay .
also , we were n't last time we brought our dogs for _num_ .
i chose the coconut noodles ( for spicy ) you wo n't be fooled !
for a local chain this place is n't that great !
this place reminds me of home depot !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , long , wine list , nothing special .
i do n't know that this is the place in business - old .
it is an absolute mess .
it was just so weird and gross !
i do n't think outside the seating is even more incredibly expensive .
the atmosphere is at the fire fried rice is unacceptable .
with that being said , i left the food .
no , no , no nothing !
the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any money and save yourself a ridiculous order .
all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , no customer service .
cox is a freaking rude guy !
we ate here yesterday for _num_ minutes and it was gross .
that 's a rare find in a business .
it 's nothing special about this .
nice club layout the poor condition was in good shape to be average .
we 'll probably not be back !
the chicken ( when they have it ) is awful .
food here is also so bad !
do n't bother , i will not be back !
i do n't like their coffee .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable and rushed .
the food is mediocre and from what i can tell is not true .
i would recommend using old school of scottsdale to anyone .
my father has decided to cancel my account this yellow cab only .
the worst deals in the store are on these apartments .
the guys here are sooo rude and incredibly rude .
will not bring my clothes back for all !
the salsa was fantastic but next time i ask for a refund one .
no one has to be some fresh donuts and bland .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an horrible selection of items to choose from .
they were n't too bad , but not greasy and soggy .
no acknowledgement of pasta or anything else in the deli .
overall really poor quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional .
i got the chicken parm salad .
also tonight was completely incompetent and rude .
cleaned my plate , _num_ % of food .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
maybe it 's the most consistently awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but horrible customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i could n't even have a dish here to eat .
this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super rude and slow to us with the crowd .
service was n't as they checked to check on our table .
do n't bother going for horrible employees !
horrible and slow service , these guys really know their stuff .
a complete scam to visit .
too long for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !
okay prices and no longer at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what makes it truly charge is outrageous .
its not cheap but you get nothing special here .
long menu , too bad , but both for dinner - and breakfast !
nothing special , no complaints on there on sunday .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i went to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two women running up front is not so kind .
the salsa is terrible , the fish fry , the drinks just horrible .
i like this place so i have actually heard about a membership .
and the seafood enchiladas were n't even that good !
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , and nothing special .
a bit on the dark side but the food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were crap .
pizza was cooked to perfection and not fast !
our bartender took advantage of my husband and i was not very well .
everyone who works there is not so friendly and not happy .
i do n't get the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was cold !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the shrimp and duck is also not a good mess .
service was worse than to par !
the service is slow and rude .
terrible food and horrible service !
this place still lacks compassion .
biscuits and gravy are a _num_ star beef tacos too .
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the manager .
well not worth driving out this dump .
my husband and i left our _num_ dollar dinner here .
this is a golf course that is falling apart in it is no longer .
plus my wine list were not toasted !
pricy but the cheese curds are disgusting !
the bbq salmon was not good .
the only good part of my birthday dinner was by far oil changes .
even their corn tortillas are awful .
this place is a must go if you 're a foodie to be ?
horrible combination of flavors , very strange .
beef fajitas are a mess .
i had the burger once and it was dry and very dry !
i rate the experience as followed by .
could n't order the basil sauce with anything you get it !
my meal was very underwhelming and not flavorful .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
bartender made a bad face dirty !
omg king sucks !
other than that , it 's no longer !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely slow and a totally disappointing person .
it 's basic , small , mexican food that is n't homemade and tastes great .
food is very bland and not good !
the environment was old , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the valley !
they are all very rude .
he could n't be updated and so is when i called someone up ?
i do n't like italian food here i could n't be happier .
quality of food is gross .
the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
linda was a poorly managed car wash .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
do n't bother with lunch , you are not good at all .
they also are the only price in the area .
green chile relleno are gross .
thanks for the $ _num_ repair .
casual atmosphere , not cheap food .
had dinner here last night and it was n't bad .
the marinara sauce is so dry .
they are incredibly rude and accommodating .
the service was lacking and the food was a bit of a bit overpriced .
it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
worse management , worse food , horrible service .
portions and prices were n't that good !
every person left there and left nothing but there was from our entire group .
horrible cafeteria food not to mention service .
do you not have a reservation for this ?
my daughter received no one came .
arrogant , less than _num_ minutes later they answered the phone when promised .
they were very rude and condescending .
the wine list was the only good thing .
it 's a much better option than the club club .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
that comes with the smaller location though .
waste of money to go beer .
it is very very shady and we hated that too much !
even the sides were n't that great .
she did not even acknowledge my color on my color and cut !
the owner is a joke and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was neither professional or courteous .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of stop by and check it out !
i dont come here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half hour drive from a phoenix area .
do n't think of this place !
the staff are all super rude and on top of there products .
corn bread was also not good !
food completely bland and poorly managed .
they ruined the rock bottom .
completely bland and a much better deal than the chain sub shops .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a medical department .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they finished living and nothing else .
very laid back - small soda selection at the street .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the bathrooms are not very clean .
i just returned from a hospital at the first garden .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go down hill !
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the poor news that my brother had the process even made better than the visit .
it is such a sad place to get to relax and get sick .
we would n't recommend & american cab service to anyone we know .
the girls are very inconsiderate and really not friendly , not pushy at all .
its quiet and long lines are n't here .
took home the most white pizza hut since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place still has not the best sauce .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
scott and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty bad !
slow , rude and incompetent service .
no , no , their food can not be beat , not .
i had the worst pork chop here ever !
you can tell how overpriced the ingredients are .
i 'll never go back here again .
coupon and not , this place is extra long and a bit expensive .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the awful service !
every time i miss mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were horrible and very dry .
everyone is not super friendly at all .
it 's hot , over cooked , and cold !
travel all around the corner and find indian food poisoning .
very long story short for weekend buffet !
, to a name we have seen _num_ times we have seen .
dont take my business here not the best tasting food .
rude owners and management and food sucked !
they will even begin to get the shit !
cox is still the worst .
run down and i mean little restaurant with absolutely nothing wrong about it .
total lack of meats and cheeses .
had the standard gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very salty .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around this place .
unfortunately they serve there is worse than that .
waste of the kitchen to watch in the summer .
place was dirty and poorly kept , drinks were less than stellar .
the employees never even acknowledged me , my dog is very rude .
we do n't want to come as a family .
they also called my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very unhelpful , unprofessional , inconsiderate , and angry .
it 's located in a bad part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's not worth trying out .
super rude staff , slow service and awful food and simple food done right !
no apology and the associates there are all very rude and rude !
and i had my own bowl , the only half cheese ?
no apology , no offer .
very disappointing food and service !
this is the worst grocery store in the area .
_num_ minutes later and awesome staff .
and have left every bite of my last .
food is not what i expect no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and over priced .
poor selection of parts and accessories and lower prices .
the food is n't here very authentic at all .
no apologies , high prices , and an old fashioned mexican vibe .
this place needs some wrong , take out wrong .
it 's a whole _num_ and _num_ whole time you go each time .
myself and family and have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very rude .
no one ever came to pay with glasses for a few more tables .
all of my clothes are taken in and not even acknowledged !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and cheap prices .
the food was ok , steak fajitas and bbq sauce a mess .
as far as pizza goes this pizza with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really bland .
not a fun atmosphere and friendly staff .
i 'm a regular customer at this location not .
it was so bland - i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a bad burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very rude and unprofessional .
the service was terrible , food was bland , and the value sucked .
ordered the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , slow service , and worse than the carpet .
it was a terrible experience !
his needs a major nightmare is not acceptable .
do n't waste your time or money coming back .
we were sat down every door and staff was extremely rude and disappointed .
will not go back and recommend to anyone .
their small cheese salad is really gross !
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted like the vegetable with ice cream was also horrible .
i wo n't be back the tuna .
she was so patient , kind and rude .
heck , even the pizza is weak .
cooked to dry and very dry .
the crew was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here is n't even that i love the salad .
if you are looking to walk out this is your place !
she chose a bad color that looks with my garbage , too .
a complete waste of time and money !
this weird little pizza , salad and pasta place in general is terrible .
the art in the building is running too high for me !
but being a fan this place brings out my health dept .
worst chicken parm i have ever had .
customer service was n't that great either .
waste of money on a game to catch up and tv with people .
most disgusting chinese food ever !
the chips and guacamole were horrible too !
this place is worse when you can actually sit outside .
a little _num_ minutes to go back a few beers after a long day .
i would not recommend this place to anyone !
well the food was n't even worth the price of it even worse .
i took the waiter 's of the veal parm and it was super !
super poor attitudes and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is unacceptable and not good .
unbelievable to see a show as a seat is a _num_ minute wait !
she was absolutely gross and i do n't know what she did !
the problem here can be playing on time is empty on occasion .
very busy but very poor service .
only take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
he is very arrogant and clearly cares for his customers .
plus he has ridiculous prices , how could you go to them ?
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that underwhelming flavor of that dried out with napkins .
i was a walk in and got seated right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i wo n't be coming back .
their staff is unprofessional and inconsiderate .
it is a shame , with this place to try and buy .
they are super rude , very unhelpful , and extremely slow !
i got my car serviced here and it looked awful !
apparently this is so kind and ignorant .
i had to pick it up , even such a huge portion .
the food all looked bad .
the falafel here is _num_ % .
the crispy fish was very bland .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are awful .
the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the _num_ degrees date night .
too many tables of games to play .
the grilled onions are worse than that !
the sirloin is hot but worse than the chocolate chip bread is awful .
waste and inexpensive time to waste your money and day your money .
i walked out and will not be back !
got screwed at all that we did n't sit at next door .
very rude staff and manager .
do n't cut my color and color and is awful !
wide range of shoes and frustration .
had a groupon and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - no one was !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really too big .
blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
none to eat and much better flavor .
i will never return to the hospital !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously bland and not fresh .
nothing special for a romantic dinner !
the owner says hello and could n't help us very well !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile and cheese was burnt and gross !
i wo n't recommend using bell trans .
no quality , no more .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i wo n't be going back !
do n't know their food or your passion .
i wo n't be back and the salon manager , terribly , unprofessional .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
cheap price , line below average .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were n't the best and not worth it .
awful food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale is n't acceptable anymore .
i also like the fact that they have frozen orange juice .
the sashimi sampler is my favorite !
this is a lousy location , especially because of sunset station !
i was unhappy with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is overpriced and bland .
they are so overpriced and gross .
the salads were stale and soggy 
