I watched the ten o'clock news and now I know Gary Shandling is dead.
Mary notices someone following her home.
She put herself through years of therapy to address her issues.
Dan dreaded going to the dentist.
Sasha dreamed of owning a hair salon.
He liked her a lot but he hated her stories.
Whitney is going to fail her test.
They sat around watching movies all weekend.
She put them in and forgot about them.
Charles wanted to wrest his share of the family business from Fred.
Tom followed their advice.
I have now had curry forced down my throat for 42 days.
She was enjoying it at first but the hike was very long.
One day Melissa forgot an important document on her desk.
The toilet overflowed.
She wished she had never met those catty girls.
She had to admit she had no earthly idea.
We were having a good time until someone recognize our voice.
Eva was very confused and wouldn't believe the librarian.
She wanted to get to know her new employees.
That friend was someone my grandmother knew.
She showed the hairdresser the cut that she had wanted.
He slept on the park bench.
Everyone at school considered Harry to be a loser.
Then she saw Nell was pointing at the family's fancy poodle.
Gerry died during the operation on the tumor.
Gwyneth saw the indicator light on her dash for low oil.
I started bleeding and needed a band aid.
Some people floated across the ocean.
We had not seen each other in six months.
Lucy really wanted this new album.
One morning she heard from a friend that someone had reviewed her.
Gina had to wait for her chance to turn off the street.
It seemed to me like a boring and long event.
She had just realized.
The next day at school, she received so many compliments!
He couldn't hear that he was out of tune.
My little cousin wanted a spooky Halloween costume.
I have not seen this aunt for many years.
Benny's mother realized there was a plate missing.
He heard a howl in the distance.
They knew Santa had come.
She realized perception isn't reality.
Nova's second choice accepted her.
Finally, Emily was able to see a duck in real life.
She followed the cute guy to his science class.
Roger wanted a new car.
My husband and I needed a new roof.
Tim had fun sleeping in natural parks for free in his car.
One day a little girl spotted her.
He was hungry and wanted a snack.
Laura wanted some eggs for breakfast!
He wanted to be stronger.
Scott enjoyed playing softball multiple times a week.
Tom wants to see a movie with his friends.
And he received decent service.
Kelsey had heard about a meteor shower that night.
Lucy realized this was as boring as the church upstairs.
He realized his investment was a failure.
Gina wanted to have a picnic.
Tina had to house sit her friends' house while she was away.
She saw that there was a heavy blizzard!
Cathy cannot wait for Christmas time to hear music everywhere.
At his top school he was accepted but not into the major.
Ultimately, we both really enjoyed the city.
However, one dog always remained.
She had a great time, but forgot sunscreen!
All Lucy wanted were waterproof paints.
His dad saw what happened.
Gina knew she was in trouble.
But since they had no jobs, she received nothing in return.
I realized he didn't value me as his son.
Tim needed to repaint a wall on his house.
Jen heard some tweeting.
We waited in line for one of the rides.
Jennifer wanted to skip her morning class a few days ago.
All his friend relied on him for tech help.
She had trouble hearing for the next week.
I sat down at a good seat and enjoyed the whole movie.
Jonas received many accolades from his colleagues about his speech.
John had always been shy, but he wanted more friends.
She needed something in her system.
She hated her old one.
But he needed the money for rent.
Tom wanted to have a romantic evening.
The moose stumbled into the woods again.
Tina could not believe it.
Keith needed new clothes for an interview.
And he realized how cold the night was.
Frank had died from starvation and thirst.
Marty hated her varicose veins.
It was already January and it hadn't snowed one yet.
She was afraid she would fail.
Eric's grandfather died.
Martha heard the ice cream truck.
The boys couldn't believe it!
On his walk he sees a mighty slug.
The center had school funds available to those who qualified for it.
And after receiving it, it was a great deal.
I was sitting in the room.
She wanted them all.
Kyle needed a new shirt.
We sat beside the candle.
Finally, Kevin was able to spot hundreds of cows at the farm.
All of my friends were busy it seemed.
Judy's phone had been missing all morning.
To qualify she had to wear three different dresses and score greatly.
Bailey always wanted to have long hair.
Gary didn't know the squirrel had black plague.
We were happy to finally hear our little dog bark!
After only a week, he seemed to have a nervous breakdown.
She knew she was in danger of failing the course.
I defaulted on my mortgage because I never received the bill.
So my childhood was an endless game of catch followed by hand washing.
She saw a cute tee shirt on a rack.
Everyone on our floor died except for me.
Now all of his friends want a job at Whataburger with him.
I slept for 10 hours straight.
Bill saw an advertisement for a new Amusement Park on television.
My girlfriend died from a car accident.
John realized that feeding squirrels was a worthwhile activity.
The girls heard a strange noise in the dark.
I realized that there is a trivial mathematical relation at play.
He had read several horror stories about what happens.
In the window he saw the most adorable puppy.
My mom and dad slept in and the cereal sat for an hour.
Sam knew his father was drunk.
I wanted so badly to be something reminisced, something everlasting.
The tent stayed nice and dry.
I saw I had 4 Gb of photos.
She heard broken glass sound.
She stayed there for five hours.
Bidd Badd sat his sister down.
They now enjoy each other's company all the time.
Anna saw people waterskiing along the lake.
She realized that heights weren't so bad after all.
He hates relying on others for transportation.
Nina was only hallucinating and died of dehydration soon afterwards.
We saw the movie.
She saw her in concert.
Reg didn't have a twin, he only had an older sister.
We had not seen each other since 1971.
I realized that the phone had terrible service.
Glenn knew he needed to tell his parents his true self.
His parents were still at home, and were surprised to see him.
It was the plastic pony I wanted.
Jill wanted a puppy more than anything.
Harris needed a new dining table.
When we got there, we had to wait a long while.
She could finally see!
He needed very strong medication.
She waited near the phone just like she had before.
Despite his sickness, Riley considered this the trip of his life.
I wanted to see the full moon.
They completely forgot each other with the passage of time.
He was fascinated with the simple vinyl discs.
Jeb wanted to be class president.
Janet wanted to see a concert.
Jan dreamed of being a ballet dancer ever since she was a little girl.
She survived but needed psychiatric treatment.
Some dogs had to stay over night.
Mary needed new shoes.
He saw a golden katana in the corner.
She soon realized that she was not in her diary, but on Facebook!
Stan heard about a castle for sale.
She really wanted to showcase her line to her friends.
I was expecting a car for my 16th bday.
But Billy knew they had ample time to flee the hurricane.
Kani doesn't have to worry too much about a pet fish.
Kate's class was keeping a caterpillar.
Five year old Michael wanted a piece of cake.
To his disgust, the meat had grayed and smelled foul.
He did not want to see a current movie.
She wondered why my friend wanted to work for us.
He was a flabby computer dude, but accepted the offer.
He could barely stay up.
He had forgotten that he put a pizza in the oven earlier.
The man breathed better.
Then she realized he was superficial.
Fortunately his dad knew baseball very well.
He's seen too many stories about plane crashes.
Chad wanted the fete to have face painting and games.
Susie saw auditions for a movie.
Because of scheduling difficulties he had missed several appointments.
Greg could not sleep.
The conductor blushed in embarrassment.
She wanted both chocolate and vanilla!
Nick needed a costume for a Halloween party.
She vowed to keep it a secret from her mom.
Everyone wanted a cup of his beverage.
The grocery was out of lettuce so I skipped it.
Upon hearing this, her kids gobbled up the spinach!
Kane heard a noise in her attic.
Abby wanted nothing more than a new pair of earrings.
I once saw a wolf.
We were very worried that she would survive.
While his peers suffered health woes, Stu was as fit as a teen.
He has oral apraxia, so he has to use sign language.
She followed the instructions as best as she could.
Tom kept it to himself and had a good time regardless.
Kim had always wanted to be a model.
He was traumatized by what he saw.
Deep inside, I heard a noise very close to me.
I heard my aunt's voice.
The family heard a loud crash.
He sat in on a trial for theft.
Pam wanted to have a special cake for her son's birthday.
She was happy the teacher believed her story.
She saw the iPhone on her bed.
Bill liked the girl and wanted to impress her.
His mom knew Bernie did not have any money.
But then, he just enjoyed the rain.
The movie receives critical praise.
Mira sits in front of him in class.
A family was really tired of sitting in the house.
However, her mother knows this is not healthy for Jack.
She needed new ballet shoes.
He died a few years ago, but I'll never forget him and our adventures.
His mother screamed and fainted when she saw him!
Terena wanted to get to know her cousin Caroline better.
He wanted a sporty, fast little car.
Everyone else was sweating.
One day, I smelled something in his room.
Her parents were scared something might happen.
I followed all the instructions, but kept messing up.
This fear was due to her mother dying in a microwave accident.
He realized that the mug had a bag crack in the bottom.
Tom's mom kept a gift receipt.
Abby followed the doctor's advice and had a trouble free trip.
But he didn't know what toppings he wanted.
He feared the water wasn't clean.
He stayed in the corner of rooms.
Mary was very sad her pet fish, Bubbles, died.
Jonathan knew there weren't any animals that road in Alaska.
As I sat in the doctor's office I wondered why I was even here.
The teacher assured him it would be okay.
I picked up the kitten and smiled.
Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party instead.
I opened the bag and started to eat a few.
He picked out a chocolate bar.
His cat cut his headphones with a single swipe.
Amy, Ryan and Lisa got ready for the first day of Bible School.
Chad was helping his friend pick out an engagement ring.
Sylvia was blowing out her birthday candles.
His voice cracked during the first line.
I got home from work.
I ate them anyway, and felt terrible afterward.
I grabbed my car keys and went out and got in my car.
I walked to the store instead of driving.
One night the younger brother fell from the porch.
Cathy loved to watch her daughter play the game of soccer.
Wyatt's friends started to tease the girl.
I ended up quitting.
The gravity got to four times as strong.
After a half mile, Caleb decided to quit.
Eric's mom was planning a large family dinner for tonight.
Now Matt's wife will stop complaining about the lawn.
She decided to buy a boxed dye.
The girl told Kevin how to get to her house.
I repeat the same pattern the next day.
He got quite a few autographs too.
He decided to pretend the blood was just raspberry jam.
Gina sat at the red light for 2 minutes before getting a green one.
Madison's mom bought a special dessert for her at the store to make.
Tommy's father came in from mowing the lawn.
He has not studied.
They made it to the championship game.
Her friends decided to show the movie to the whole school.
She had no idea what to do about her single life now.
A man was driving a bus full of people down the city street.
One day our teacher talked to us about the websites.
In a fit of madness, he created a terrible video game.
He wrote Shopping List at the top of the paper.
Rob tried to prevent the dog from attacking his private parts.
Steve hiked the ball and threw it deep for a game winning touchdown.
Joe just cash his check and had lots of money.
Her first assignment was to feed the penguins.
The kids were starving.
She told him some young Jasper came to the door and dropped him off.
Our parrot got out of its cage.
She needed books that contained facts, not photo's.
one night we went out to different places and neither of us drove.
Against all odds, Tyler passes his Chemistry exam.
Sam didn't anticipate a flood.
He decided to do something about it.
I wanted to become muscular.
Tim was a kid that loved professional wrestling.
He ended up winning a light weight division trophy for the school.
His face started to swell and he had trouble breathing.
The ugly looks worked to bring her attention.
Now Adrienne has to cancel her plans this weekend.
Tom adopts a young black puppy.
He decided to take a class to gain the skill.
He runs inside to get away from them.
But it didn't fit me properly.
She however gave the guy another chance.
I was excited about taking my children to the local Zoo.
He did not have enough money to pay it.
Ken finally felt confident enough to buy it.
They planted carrots, potatoes, corn, asparagus, and wheat.
Mike was living in a city far from the one he grew up in.
Billy loved to collect board games.
I climbed out and ran for my life.
Jason had to run extra drills at his next practice.
Joseph never ate lunch at school.
She decided to let Faith take lessons with her sister.
Then they walked around the beautiful grounds.
After mulling it over the owner decided not to sell.
She worked hard at cutting out the pattern.
Every day John Johnson tended to his lawn.
The girls sat stunned in silence.
He woke up early because of the roosters.
He then designed the piece well.
He had to swerve to avoid it all the time.
A stone from its trunk jumped into John's car.
Unfortunately, he ended up being late to work.
The casino player challenged me to a game.
He was very happy and delighted to finally reach his dream.
I swept up the pieces.
She told her mother.
Fear gripped John as the announcer finished the list.
There was an overly drunk man causing ruckus.
One day when they went out to the movies, he confessed to her.
He gave me a ticket for speeding.
However,I woke up too late in the middle of the next morning.
He asked about the tag.
He asked about the tag.
Then her supervisor called her into his office.
The refrigerator was cleaned out every day after 8PM.
Today I took my son to swim class.
I called my friend to ask her what else she remembered.
Thankfully, the store gave me a refund.
Timmy loved the taste of the smoothie and drank it all down.
His mum used to call him that, and they brought back happy memories.
She ate her meal in disgust.
I was driving down the road one rainy night after dark.
He becomes drunk.
He ended up hitting the last pitch.
They had to order him a red one.
He hit his head and started bleeding.
She sat in the cart while they shopped.
The next day, the market fell over 200 points.
I got the larger sized truck so I'd be safe rather than sorry.
Carmen tells her parents she wants a job.
Now, I don't make food until a few hours before a potluck.
Tom was playing cards with other guys in his college dorm.
Emily heard Pepper's barking and came to save him.
The neighbor asked Paul why he was setting traps.
Josh decided he needed to get more vitamins.
Gina was relieved when she was the only one at the pharmacy.
When winter comes, she is ready with her terrific new coat.
Soon they got hired to play at a wedding.
His parents take him to the hospital to get a cast on it.
Unfortunately, the car behind her was speeding as she stopped her car.
Tom knocked off the table a cup with juice.
Not many people who have been in war do!
He decorated the bus and put a bed in it.
My daughter's neighborhood friend Debbie got married last November.
Jimmy washed his hands by using the cup and then drying with a napkin.
I took my son deep-sea fishing when he was 11 years old.
Tom was jogging in the park on a Saturday afternoon.
Things were picking up and getting very busy.
Kev became very angry when he couldn't find the tool.
Terry wanted to improve his basketball skills.
But he came out winning more than he did in one year.
Afterwards, we grabbed a bite to eat and returned home.
Sam pushed open his cell door and ran past the other guards.
Sara wanted to take dance.
The next day, he awoke and saw his bird dead in the cage.
They also won a free year's worth of ice cream.
So he ordered jugs of water online.
Max ran over and intervened.
Toward the end of the night, they decided to play spin the bottle.
We took him out to celebrate afterwards.
Once at the club, she tried out the moves she had practiced.
At the party, the dogs ate treats and played fetch.
While playing, Sammy accidentally broke a vase!
The teacher asked everyone to share a story from the summer.
He laughed in my face then asked where is the money.
Instead of water Zach filled the glass with vodka.
She decided to purchase the iPad mini.
After lunch, they walked around some more.
He would work for a variety of different clients.
She gave her best guess and slipped the paper in the box.
He, however, has never built one.
He didn't find the jokes very funny.
We took the bird outside to fly but it died.
Then she sprayed it with some shiny polish in a can.
It offers free pint glasses on each patron's first tour.
The crime rate began to grow rapidly.
He told them there was just no magic in rock and roll.
He said cereal is stupid, which made me angry.
She did and now she has $100.
Tim was cooking pasta.
Rhonda was already late when heading to the airport for a flight.
I turned around and walked away and my husband followed.
Samantha's mom was elated to eat breakfast in bed.
She searched through many stores, but every alarm she slept through.
After a long drought the lake water level dropped.
Instead, Laura hopped on her bike.
Anne wrote a letter to her pen pal.
It began to rain.
He wasn't convinced and arranged a divorce.
I watched my snake try to eat a fish.
After a few weeks the melon was fully grown.
Erica's friend rushed over and fixed her hair, saving the day.
I decided to be a referee instead.
Edward took the electronic money and bought his daughter a doll.
I worked out in my jeans instead.
She returned from her hiking trip on Sunday.
He made it to the clearing to the breathtaking view.
He asked family for advice.
The bully and her friends were taunting her.
We worked out a deal.
Suddenly, a car hit his back wheel.
Eventually Bob's pets became more familiar with each other.
Debra passed away a few months later.
He called the number on the letter.
The captain decided to sail around the new island to map it.
He asked him to pick up some wine too.
She joined in a combination class.
But 5 minutes into the hike, he got to see a giant falcon!
Diane won first place in the contest.
The neighbors apologized and obliged.
Luckily the teacher saw and did something about.
Cora thought cleaning was boring.
She tried her best to make things work.
Then she grinned - it was delicious!
Ron's neighbor watched as Ron started to fix his porch.
Tom was walking around his apartment.
Cynthia really loved video games.
Colin struggled to hit the baseball whenever he was up to bat.
His mom was happy that he was eating healthier foods.
Rider's favorite television show was about to start.
Tim used his elbow striking to ward off the attackers.
His wife however, loved to have a perfect yard.
Kate thought this was a place for a celebrity to stay.
He decided to try out for a select baseball team.
There was a squirrel running around outside of my apartment.
It hurt pretty bad, and Chad got mad.
Cam promised that this year he would not get drunk.
It looked like a storm was coming.
After I tutored him a bit he asked the coach about the team.
So she decided to cook a large meal for herself.
Billy drew the longest straw and Sean had to clean the bathroom.
So she decided to go there and buy bread.
It created enough smoke to set off the smoke alarm.
Michael was blunt, telling Jose that he was the best worker on staff.
Linda worked in a restaurant.
He got paint on his shirt.
But a few true friends showed up.
She wanted to meet a new boyfriend.
His friends all told him not to.
I built a snowman and an angel.
I took of my jacket when I got home.
Josh had been studying for a very important test.
He got on the dance floor and busted some moves.
Anne was overwhelmed at worked.
He took a martial arts course and built his self-confidence.
He had exhausted himself from too much training.
Neil thought Vienna was the most musical city on earth!
The next person in line thanked them for not buying the last ticket.
We play Minecraft every day now.
Instead of taking the tube he bent down and kissed her.
The clerk offered to order the shirt for Mary.
But his contact showed up and took him to campus.
I locked it at the bicycle rack outside school.
That summer alone I made five hundred dollars!
He left a message hoping to get a call back.
Gary was pleased with the help his friends offered him.
The heater was not working in the house.
John apologized.
Her husband walked out on the movie and didn't come back.
But when she got home, a dozen people yelled SURPRISE!
We bought horses.
Kaleb quickly became addicted to the nicotine.
He practiced asking her out over and over.
The tow truck had to come to tow her poor car
She recorded videos of herself covering many songs.
The audience gave him a lot of good tips, and Bill got much better.
Sam met his future wife in the unemployment line.
His cornfields had all lain fallow for over half a decade.
Rocky was picking fruit from the orchard.
One morning, one of her brothers got hit by a car.
The Cubs scored a run early last night with their ace on the mound.
He was afraid of becoming addicted to them like his dad did.
His phone didn't work well.
One man walked away when the price got too high.
He circled the yard for a while.
I got a filling and the cavity is fixed.
Jayla told the clerk to watch the man.
Alida wanted to get back with her boyfriend.
Andy was so mad that he punched a hole in the wall.
Suddenly he heard a rejecting sound and the clerk said no.
He wanted to give back somehow.
After the judges handed in their scorecards, Fran exited the arena.
His friend Brad offered him a cigarettes later that night.
Eric refused to ask for directions and ran out of gas.
They did not know the rules so they made them up.
His brother wanted to try it out.
Daniel loved dinosaurs a lot.
Kevin did poorly on the test.
They said a roundabout was ahead.
She shopped for sale items for which she had coupons.
It didn't matter because the teacher still gave her an A.
The orthodontist gave her braces that she wore outside her mouth.
She spent two hours trying on all kinds of clothing.
They did everything he asked but fired them all anyway.
I shuffled through the assorted flavors.
I tap danced and practiced.
He would sit on the bed until I finally got up.
Fred said no.
Diva is not allowed in the garden.
Aaron had a difficult test coming up.
Samantha discovered Booger Balls splattered all over the backyard.
Kia resolved to be grateful and happy for her life.
She was the only girl wearing a t-shirt instead of a bra.
Joe was doing poorly in school.
Then her mom suggested a great solution: add toppings.
I got dressed in my suit.
She bet that Ann couldn't drink two liters of soda in under an hour.
She was heading to the county fair.
Kim wanted to make steak and mushrooms for dinner.
John's mother wanted to surprise him.
She was talking on it one afternoon.
Mitchell organizes the funeral for his father.
One week Cruz was busy with his new game and didn't study.
He went to an art store and bought an expensive pen.
She was used to getting good grades.
I fixed the program and the coefficients were correct!
Ryan loves wearing sweaters.
This year, Pa Wilson bought a huge 9 foot tree.
Once the pizza came, they broke it into several pieces.
It started to get dark.
Jay rewarded Rex with a treat for his obedience!
He bought the outfit at the store.
Everyone was quite upset for a long time before making up.
He told funny stories about his days as a milkman.
His daughter got to the pens.
She had to return it for a refund.
He bought trucks off online.
He said he'd be here first thing tomorrow morning.
Janet immediately opened every gift she could get her hands on.
Jason took a guilty nap.
Even her attempt at a ponytail didn't work out.
Toisanese has become less used over the years.
But noon he had ran out of fresh tissues.
She wanted to roast marshmallows.
She asked the man at the meat counter about some steak.
