Rob was at an atm to check his account balance.
One morning at work, Beth found a coworker sitting in her car crying.
I was recently at a club and saw this attractive guy.
Nicole wanted a pet.
So I was quickly able to solve the issue.
I sat down to watch tv.
She gave him a wrong number.
Gina needed to research dolphins for an assignment.
One day, she finally saw the sprout, the fruits of her hard work.
As Sandy was leaving, Sandy saw Jim right by the door.
However, she forgot some butter.
I really fantasized that I'd find a leprechaun in there.
Rick still looks the same.
Then her friend told her something else that solved her problem.
Tom was struggling.
Two friends went on a hike in the woods.
He set his GPS to the route, but the battery died part way through.
My car began to swerve.
The students then left after her and felt bad.
She locked him out of the house.
But he was soon found and arrested again.
He impressed the coaches at his school in tryouts.
Each girl received a beautiful homemade bracelet from Anna!
King was surprised, then realized the school was not a fancy one.
This made her sick.
Brody and his family went to a holiday party.
I tried to pay him for it, but he refused.
He focused on bettering his life.
Gina and her husband now live in a completely purple house.
The friend went online and got a license to wed the two.
It pulled on the leash so hard he lost his grip on it.
Firemen fought the fire for a long time.
He looked for his Spiderman bowl but couldn't' find it.
Eventually he found it.
He promised never to do something so deceitful again.
He knew this could be one of two things.
She had to wait the entire weekend to get her wallet back.
Tyler needed to go to Walmart.
Lucy was in her bed sulking.
The rehab staff put a watch on him after that,
The man died.
She saw something shiny out of the corner of her eye.
He ran out of deodorant.
Finally for her 12th birthday they got her a surprise.
His first reaction was to scream as it was hot.
He cut himself a slice, and then two more.
Her brother had put a buzzer in his palm to scare her.
His dad looked at the man.
She had to put her older cat on an anti-anxiety medication.
I went inside and sat back down.
Jane always wanted to be a musician.
He fixed it up to go faster.
However, she sometimes wants to know more about science.
Fred had to go to a wedding.
Mike thoroughly enjoyed the horror movie.
Noah was building a boat with his father one summer.
Ana wanted to read an old book.
He wasn't sure if he liked it or not.
He was nervous and just wanted to be apart of something.
When Kate tried it, she thought it was not the best food.
The girls merely wanted to shake things up a little bit.
The two reconnected throughout the day and planned to hang out more.
One day, she saw a beautiful bird in her yard.
He was able to get off without a problem.
Sitting in my chair as my teacher goes off on another lecture.
Jessica then went home and read the books all within a week.
My wife wanted the kids.
Bonnie was service a customer at the cafe she worked at.
He went over the bridge and the speed dropped to 45 mph.
I tried it on and loved the way it looked.
She had never had her blood taken before.
She wished she hadn't wasted her money on it.
He sat at his desk to avoid distractions.
One evening he hears a noise outside.
None of the kids knew where the remote was.
To stay cool, I read two books with cold weather settings.
He explored downtown Buffalo all day.
This time she tried something different.
He realized he had left the sandwich at home!
The experience of the storm, left Arlene feeling fearful.
They were mean girls and no one liked them.
I even got my husband a giant bag of beef jerky.
Kanye West went to a music festival.
Ella found that she had different talents than Connie.
Sarah loved children and teaching.
She could not believe how beautiful the red dress on the display was.
His teacher kept on talking.
Just in time, Tom saw and pulled into a gas station!
One night in particular, he kept hearing strange noises.
The new year was about to begin and Mary met with her teachers.
He waited outside the record store for it.
She felt better than ever.
But she wanted to impress Fred, her new boyfriend.
She decided she would buy a baster.
She found her mother's old hair curlers and put them in her hair.
They rented a bus to take them to the game.
After the sleepover, Billy's mom found the bunny in the trash.
Stanley is glad that he had something to drink.
I went apple picking with my sweetheart the other day.
Her mother was proud, and planned to buy a beautiful dress.
Whitney was so tired of always feeling tired.
At the fair, Abby found a precious fluffy white kitten.
Joe was happy to see his son happy.
He found a great place in Brooklyn.
She had mentioned her love of a ring to her friends in front of him.
He knew he was in the lead.
Barbara felt pain in her lower abdomen.
Stan went to the paint store to get more paint.
She vowed to lose twenty pounds.
He held onto the handle.
He saw he needed gas.
This proved to be a very useful phrase.
After he picked up several groceries, he dropped them.
Cuddles whenever you want them, and most of all love.
He felt like his home was missing something.
A few seconds later, outside started to rain.
One woman noticed someone suspicious on her street.
Grace was at home alone on a friday night when she heard her doorbell.
Gina's librarian handed her the books they ordered for her.
Lola had to limp home and call for a doctor.
Nobody liked my hot dogs at all.
There was a horse looking back at her.
This is going to be the longest work shift ever!
She told him to lower the music.
Johnson has always wanted to drive from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
At the top, they found a long line of people.
He decided to try a small portion of everything.
Eventually he ate other things.
Last week I went on a fun beach trip.
Some I hated more than others.
Him and his friends went to a BBQ place.
My family and I wanted to go sailing once.
My body ached for another week after.
I slept late and enjoyed every minute of it.
Now our car window is broken!
I was so happy that I cried.
There once was a hacker known as 4Chan.
Sam was truly surprised to see white splotches on the red cloth.
When growing up I had neighbors that I hardly knew about.
Jerry and Jane got married three months later.
I waited hours.
She decides to spend some time playing guitar.
We ran so much I thought I was on the track team.
He layed down and went back to sleep.
He also enjoyed yummy local meals.
He played poker every night and had cards hidden in his sleeve.
Rick waited excitedly for his order.
Jake noticed a spot on his arm.
Her friends decided to throw her a cupcake party.
She decided she needed to have her first kiss.
One night he especially enjoyed a piece by Bach.
To Josie's surprise Joe was also an amazing chess player and won.
He needed to go to school soon.
Tom was sleeping soundly.
After a while he noticed results.
Marcy waited until the last minute and stayed up all night to finish.
He noticed they had a few copies of a recent big hit.
Jen wanted a new bag.
Jack saw a dog in the street.
The wedding went on according to plan.
Nora had to attend a meeting in the state capitol.
Feliciano knew he and his kitten would be friends forever.
He now thinks of the UK as his home.
Kate saw a guy she had a crush on 2 years ago.
One day he couldn't find it.
Finally, he received a new password and was able to log in.
My friends were waiting in line for the roller coaster.
Mia only has an air mattress and doesn't want the dogs on it.
Soon Sara was feeling much, much better.
Robert went on an overnight hike with his father.
Jess needed new clothes.
But Cindy continued to buy more and more items.
But even with the internet Sean got bored quickly.
The people listened as the author spoke.
At the factory Greg saw that two different parts had the same number.
Jake got married in shorts and a t-shirt.
Her parents sat her down and told her of house responsibilities.
She couldn't find them anywhere.
I would not be going to class today.
The cowboy and the cow stand in the corral together.
They greeted him with a cake and lunch for his birthday.
At first it was fine but then she stumbled upon a skull.
Don was forced to forfeit.
Walter tried to hide in Laura's arms, but they weren't that close.
Jim and Ethan were about to leave for the ball game.
One day her daughter came to visit from another country.
Charles' car wouldn't start one morning.
Eric reluctantly gave the student no points.
He ran like a wild one after the birds.
Kia realized she'd left her lights on the previous night.
I found a chore chart.
Finally a big envelope came in the mail!
One artist Todd worked with didn't like his skills.
It stole the kite never to be seen again.
The car needed an oil change.
He feels a lot of pressure to be skinny.
But then Emma saved up enough to fix the muffler.
She agreed and Jake was extremely happy.
I needed a new blade.
Ivan looked online for answers.
Opal had underestimated her brother.
Jen was happy to impress her class with the painting.
America was still reeling from Japan's surprise attack.
There was one puppy that remained in his cage looking forlorn.
When she graduated college, she wanted to experience new cultures.
She walked along the frozen creek calling the dog's name.
He wanted to relax.
He wanted to relax.
He had to turn around and drive all the way back.
I sat in my chair and relaxed.
I noticed the desk was extremely dirty.
All winter she waited for it to snow.
She found a beautiful pair of earrings.
I ran out of the apartment straight to the store.
She heard a rustling in a bush.
Reluctantly, Laura agreed.
Gina later found out they had a small electrical fire at the store.
The teacher found out what Tom was into.
Jack made a cheese sandwich.
Lem wanted a dog with an excellent pedigree.
Kimmi was fifteen and needed a bra.
Emma needed a taxi from her hotel.
Knowing this, the bus driver still wanted me to get out.
With the simpler dinners I have lost thirty pounds.
She got to work on it immediately.
The house looked beautiful!
The cat chased the mouse.
None of them worked.
He joined an adult basketball league
I eventually came across the fact that it was my hard drive.
It was the best pizza Fred had ever eaten!
Laura went to the department store.
They had to leave the area.
She laid in bed, wide awake.
It's a funny story how I met rapper 50 Cent, before he was famous.
He was worried he may need a shot.
So she had forgotten about it.
She looked up, seeing a nest a few feet above the ground.
Maria had a dream of opening a business.
He saw a few great ones, but still waited.
Maurice went skydiving with some buddies.
She got over him.
I regretted my decision when a job I really wanted was temporary.
I left in September to go back to school.
Samantha was driving home from work when she heard a loud pop.
Sabrina was going to an office downtown.
But then he realized he had no bread.
Ness wanted to see the world.
Her head was throbbing.
Lisa went to the mall.
They liked it.
He realized he had a bunch of coins in a large jug.
Sarah rushed  to pull the bone out of the dog's mouth.
Samia wanted a dog.
The family finally arrived at the school.
Mark played guitar for 2 hours.
He went to the doctor.
He went to the doctor.
Carol likes food.
Laura was very sad over missing her puppy, Callie.
He went to his friends house to charge his phone.
Angel felt silly but she dressed up to look very nice.
Molly is going to the amusement park today!
Gary was walking down a hallway one day.
David found a few film reels at his parent's home.
Velma has been working on a project for hours.
She enjoys taking care of the neighbors' kids.
Suddenly, my jeans ripped.
Amy realized she needed to learn how to season food.
She didn't come into town much so he was very excited.
Billy liked to play games on his friends.
She never thought about eggs the same way again.
When I took a sip however my it was not good.
Betty had come by Annie's home for dinner.
She saw that her favorite band was performing in her state.
I find the bus routes in the city confusing.
But she soon realized she missed the daily chore.
They agreed to save their money and go back next week.
Matt finally killed himself because of all the teasing.
John likes martial arts.
She started to look into adoption.
He went out to see if it had a collar.
Work was very slow and she was about to go to bed.
Suddenly, she heard uneven sound from her room.
Timmy called his parents on the phone and told them he missed them.
She found a great album.
The man never went to bed hungry again
A dip in the pool sounded good right about now.
Heather had been invited on a date.
Debbie felt sad and lonely after her divorce.
But as she has nothing to put on her resume, she's in a quandary.
When Steve took up hiking, his dad gave him a compass.
Now she is careful about waiting before drinking her coffee.
Tim loves chinese food and was looking forward to it.
Tom noticed he hadn't received any coupons in a while.
I thanked her and placed in the table.
During the audition, he forgot one of his lines.
They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat.
Sam lost his wallet.
So she had to go the long way.
It turned out that Joe had forgotten about his test.
Jamie soon began to sell less cars but provide better service.
I needed a new bag for my laptop.
Alice's mom found out.
I took a big refreshing sip.
Josh was learning how to diagonalize matrices.
Gina could only come up with a few more sentences to finish her paper.
he was seen by the media as kind of crazy
But she paid the fines anyway.
Willard's irate no judge will demand they all stop.
She tried to adjust the cord but it snapped entirely.
We got it all set up for them.
After a while he noticed the sun going down.
He handed the extra amount to the cashier.
He had been studying the game for a long time.
Nate was failing a lot of classes.
They were crossing a river.
He paid a premium to get it enabled.
Brad's team lost in humiliating fashion.
But the day of the show she tripped.
She hated most people in her class.
The hamster died later that day.
Rick knew it was simply memorization work.
She found some cool wedges.
He sat quietly in the front row next to the groomsmen.
She did it by bribing him with treats.
They proceeded to run after me with something in there hands.
Ed wanted a stylish new best like his friends had.
One day, she saw a flyer for a singing competition.
It's no use as Reba is lost with no direction.
He was voted class president.
The mom and baby wanted to go to the play place in the mall.
Timmy and his friend Jason loved riding bikes.
Tom felt uncomfortable but went through with it.
No one wanted to pay attention to Oliver or his toys.
He turned on the light, and saw his wife sprawled on the floor.
Amanda went to the dance and she was the best dancer in her class.
Her friend recommended shea butter.
My husband's hair was getting really long.
He bought a hog and put it in its pen.
She unwrapped the kids and they gave her a big hug.
He goes over to look at it.
He went to the dealership to test drive the car.
She was too shy to ask him out.
However, Bob sank shot after shot, leading to a close 72 to 71 win!
It wasn't what she wanted, but it was better than nothing at all.
Tod arrived home from school.
Karen found a nest of small eggs in her backyard.
Gemini paid the fee.
Sullivan was invited to a friend's party.
I was driving down the road on a very rainy day.
There were a lot of grains of sand he could see.
Jake went on his first cruise.
Fernando went to the pizza shop.
Janet fell down the stairs at her house.
I guess that timing matters for fishing.
Alas, I lost it and couldn't find it.
Nothing was keeping me awake.
The shadow vanished.
Joey needed more money.
He had to keep it hidden from their mom.
Then his roommate walked in wearing Charles' undergarments.
I wanted a pony.
She was so uncomfortable, she had to go home.
The home game recently was quite amusing to see.
Her mom and dad are going to have another baby.
He was losing his hair.
One day he forgot to read his homework.
I washed the shoes with soap and water.
Rick stopped to pick up some people from the bus stop.
He screamed at the family to find out why.
He came into my bedroom and asked to talk.
Coco would sleep through her alarm every morning.
This made the overall experience more exciting.
She died six months later.
The coat had gone missing.
She was in the shoe section when she saw a big banner.
That score put his team in the lead.
She worked out every other day and watched her diet.
We had not seen each other in a long while.
All he found was disgusting watermelon flavored ones.
She had underestimated the tenacity of the IRS.
Jane wanted to keep practicing more.
Tina went to go take a shower.
I went to see a performance of the local symphony.
His mother said she couldn't spare any extra money for a gift.
The dog ate it and was happy.
He took him to a shelter.
I found my iPod in my wallet.
Jon decided to go to India.
By week's end, everyone felt closer to their classmates.
Chrissy one day found a dog.
She had spread rumors about Kate.
Dave's wife died of cancer before their second anniversary.
But she was excited when she found the perfect new car a week later.
He felt really healthy and strong.
He dreamed of attending a prestigious university on the east coast.
Tim and his friends were standing on an overpass.
The next year, I decided to live with a friend instead.
She saw a mummy on display.
Her husband worried since she was losing weight.
Suddenly, he heard a dog barking!
She wanted to do it again.
We lived in a condo from 1987 to 2013.
After some Internet research, Ken realized there weren't any nearby.
However, over time he finds the process cathartic.
Rob was being swept out to sea by a rip current.
Lori went to the pharmacy.
She realizes she has lost 10 pounds.
He ate eggs, bagels, and cheese.
Alice found out about a high-end machine.
She and her brother watched the whole film.
Or lose him forever - perish the thought?
I looked around in the dead man's coffin.
I had watched Oliver and Company recently.
A passerby heard her meows for help.
He won five thousand dollars and came home the next day.
He had left it in the fridge for too long.
David wanted his business to thrive.
Julie secretly worried that her performance wasn't good enough.
Kyle invited Debbie to his parents' home for dinner.
Her friend all wanted to go to the movies.
Carl had to pay for a beer.
For Christmas all Susie wanted was a bike.
Paul was working in a lake.
He knows I have a lot of experience with cars so I helped.
She wanted to look just right.
Mandy was required to go to her workplace Christmas party.
He bought his tickets online.
The senior class was putting on a play.
A neighbor's dog tore the ball apart.
She thought it was the worst.
He bought a new one.
I could not stop my car in time so I ran into his truck.
He put on his nicest shirt and pants.
She checked her temperature and found out she had a fever of 101.
Hudson could not find his library book.
Casey checked his watch at the train station.
We left and went somewhere else to eat.
They got off of the bus when they arrived at the zoo.
Sue went to her usual nail salon.
He decides to feed them all lunch.
Martha had wanted new clothes.
She invited friends over.
He wakes up in a sweat thinking that he missed a deadline.
One day while ditching school Dan goes to the store.
He went home that day with a new friend.
The manager asked them what they expected during the holidays.
To his joy, it floated like a real boat!
She painstakingly trained herself to alter her natural accent.
Percy left his job late at night.
He watched as his two cats meandered around the room.
I sweated in my t-shirt and shorts.
She had company coming over for Thanksgiving Dinner soon.
His friends dared him to do a dangerous trick.
Tom moved into a new neighborhood.
John was closing at a department store.
Jan promised she wouldn't tell their mother about the jars of spiders.
Jim was unhappy with the way he looked.
She felt very good about her work on the project.
Jay went fishing in the ocean on a boat.
Brian's brother was burned badly in a fire once.
They did a really good job!
I was watching tv at home.
Alex snored when he slept.
She gave the bouquet to her mother.
He saw something that he really wanted.
Suddenly, she heard a fall and a cry.
Gina realized she had to back down the street.
All day she felt embarrassed without her makeup.
Joanie admired the ring that Jack put on her finger.
I found one hundred dollars on the ground.
Scott knew this was the car for him.
When he went back up, he got a nasty shock.
He began to whine for food.
Finally, she saw the perfect gift.
But when i feel sad and pressured i decided to go back to that bakery.
After an hour they finally find his glasses under his bed.
After a nearby bomb attack, he spent hours clearing the rubble.
Her mother never knew.
But then they found it.
John was wanted dead or alive.
They saw bears, deer and two coyotes.
She searched for it outside.
Many saw his Rottweiler and Pitbull as vicious creatures.
Kat was walking outside.
But one day she was attending a barbeque and there were none!
Nadine was in charge of finding the house on GPS.
Inside, he looked for a drink.
When I got home from work, I just wanted to sleep.
When Richard returns from lunch he decides to leave his job.
Suddenly he barked!
But no man ever was the perfect man she wanted.
Michelle and her family went on a cruise.
Amy sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids.
Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman.
Bill recently inherited his father's pocket watch.
I used to be very afraid of the dark.
Sue decided to buy fabric and make a dress.
Jeff yelled and screamed at the poor girl.
The park decided to add a fun slide.
Finally, he found an official letter with his address.
She couldn't believe she was an owner now.
The concierge said he had packages for her.
His children often felt upset about it.
I went to the tallest building in town.
They partially attributed this to the dog.
Anna saw a lot of interesting things.
He idolized him and even wanted to be a football player.
Brown then quickly found a job.
She had trouble keeping her blood pressure under control.
Jim and his son enjoy the memories for years.
No one was moving.
Maddie was feeling sick.
Emma borrowed her little sister her favorite CD.
While they were sitting in the grass, Kathy found a ring.
So he wanted to have a clown at his birthday party.
All the sudden she found it.
Suddenly he saw his favorite snack on sale.
After Years he has enough money to buy the motorcycle of his dreams.
Finally Germany has surrendered.
Sweet Pea is a calico cat who enjoys looking out the window.
Jane frowned and politely declined.
Maria wanted to look great on vacation.
She told the teachers bout it.
She assumed it was clean enough.
The dog was left at Bill's house.
They watched the races.
The second didn't go well either.
However, Kirk saw an older dog that looked very lonely.
He realized he was the first one in.
Becky had a lot of photos she wanted to save.
You need to have a separate entry to install an electric garage door.
I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations.
Jim taught at a school for gifted, but less fortunate kids.
She ordered chocolate.
Her dad held her while she got her haircut.
The Stone family was on a bus headed towards the Great Pyramid.
Barry was anxious to attend his upcoming reunion.
The dog was laying on the grass in the backyard.
The window added a very special touch!
He looked in the phone book for local house painters.
Anytime Paul wanted something he had to earn it.
Finally she looked at the beautiful flowers.
Bill wanted to do something nice for his wife.
Now her big truck looked much more feminine!
Her friends invited her to the beach.
They went in late March to see the cherry blossoms.
The baby slept soundly after having gripe water.
The doctors need to know in case his daughter carries the gene.
Now we are sitting in detention.
Suddenly she bumped into a vase which fell and shattered.
In the summer she could sit in the garage.
His dad looked for him.
I backed away warily and went on my way.
Tim and his wife were excited.
SOmeone had snuck in and stolen a case of expensive wine.
After a week Whitney noticed she had way more energy.
He helped her learn English and find a job.
He let me ride the bus.
The police pretended to meet his demands.
He is happy to see people.
The documentary was a huge failure but Sloan felt satisfied with it.
Suddenly, a kid came up and started talking crap to him.
I browsed the racks to find the best movie.
They were going up a hill on the freeway.
I went to a discipleship school in South Africa for two months.
She can't wait for the circus to come to town again.
He works in a medical lab.
Their daughter would frequently cry in the middle of the night.
The man understood what this meant.
Philip luck really changed that day.
He found a terrifying mask.
Jen wanted a new dress.
Then last minute, Jerry realized the shark was just a dolphin.
Fred has always wanted to try a new hobby.
They received a standing ovation!
With effort, Lucy went slowly in the water and floated around a bit.
Gina said it wasn't evocative enough.
Jackie left a voicemail asking Amelia to call her immediately.
I noticed a cheese assortment in a tray.
The rock star found himself very confused, later that night.
The winner would receive five hundred dollars.
The kids all gathered to play Pokemon Go.
He's going to another one of his concerts next month.
The boys were so excited they couldn't even sleep that night.
Ben quickly found out he was a natural.
Randi was a girl who enjoyed being a tomboy.
He sold it to the studio.
When Jane looked closer, she noticed the black grape had a red mark.
One day at the bakery she spotted a s'more cupcake.
But all the sudden she saw a pile of trash.
She put it in rice to dry out.
Bill wanted to have a shirt of his favorite band.
Mary waited two months to hear back.
He had no idea how to set it up.
Now we are looking for another new show.
My friend's daughter went to college in Boston.
My girlfriend loves shopping online.
They happily went out into the warm summer sunshine.
The Reichardt's were staying in a wonderful hotel.
Her teacher gives her special books to take home every night.
He looked under the sink to find a leaky pipe was the cause.
Taylor heard great things about a new book.
He solved some puzzles alone when he went home but it went too fast.
They invited all of there friends.
There, he was greeted by people from many different foreign countries.
She placed the power in a jug with water and sugar.
I always wanted to be babysitter.
We went to a place that has many slopes.
He slept really late last night.
Then she went back to bed for a while.
He asked his friend for more money.
He saw the most amazing bull rider.
Two Of her children arrived 30 minutes before so they could relax before.
Jim is glad that his honesty paid off.
Kay realized she had dated half of the boys in the group.
Abe noticed the tiles in the kitchen were dirty.
One day they lost the tablet in the house.
John was driving on the highway.
She was self conscious at first, but soon found that climbing was fun!
He installed all of them with much difficulty.
Sam bought a used Ford for not a lot of money.
Susy's grandmother died last week.
She left the basketball in their drive.
My back was facing the basket and I had no other options.
Will practiced for days.
Stephen followed the process correctly.
He was trying to walk east.
The kids in the neighborhood all went down it dozens of times.
She trained really hard in all type of weather for many months.
Allie went to the drive in.
Jonas got a tattoo that day.
The next day, Wendy's mom scolded her for wasting lemons.
One night, he saw a girl he liked from school in the next lane.
Jim always wanted a pet turtle.
Samuel went to Las Vegas last weekend.
Billy decided to grow a paired goatee.
He finally found a pair that he liked.
Clark's new dog was the laziest dog he'd ever seen.
Suddenly, Max started to tell Laura how much he loved her.
Andy was packed, and ready for his fishing adventure with his friends.
I grabbed some money, put on some clothes and left my house.
Anita Purnell struggled under her child's father's bear hug.
Once he found a job at the local middle school, right away.
My car hydroplaned when I went around a corner.
She saw many cute dogs.
Kelsey left for work for work one morning and forgot his coffee.
I had broken my big toe, and was on bed rest for 2 weeks.
He decided to clean part of the house each day of the week.
Her siblings found out why she was in trouble.
Everybody seem to have their own group.
James panicked and started to scream.
He could barely stand on his own two feet.
Now no one in George's family wants to be an electrician anymore.
He was patrolling the bad side of town.
Thankfully she found one on sale.
She watched the skater's performance nervously.
He kept noticing lag.
A friend saw the wheels and asked Kyle to make some for their dog.
I never regained my memory of that day.
She told all her friends at school what she had now.
At first she finds the habit tedious.
I had never seen Titanic before.
Jane went to go see a popular movie on a Friday night.
Then he went to his follow-up appointment for the news.
Scott went to a baseball game today.
This was a cheap way to afford bait for fishing.
So he went to a grocery store to redeem the coupon.
Unfortunately, a cop pulled her over.
After the class, Ren received a phone call from her friend.
The war was never serious and eventually the tension ceased.
All of us agreed to see each other before we left.
He found a vending machine.
My daughter wanted something for lunch.
Finally, in the last store they went to, they found the perfect chair.
His business soon went bankrupt.
He had to have everything filled.
After I found out I felt terrible, but the party was great!
I had to take Spanish again the next year after failing.
He heard some scratching noises in the garbage can.
I was using crayons to make pictures.
I applied to multiple schools.
Did they come from experience and memory?
It looks fantastic on her.
Yesterday his stomach hurt and never let up.
The Smith family gathered together every Christmas.
He was really enjoying himself.
Ina wished she could keep it.
Jane decided to do a cleanse.
The egg was burnt when she came back.
He never replied back to her.
He finally felt comfortable on the soccer field.
I couldn't believe how long the line was.
Eventually he was sated and left the event happy.
Jason noticed that he had all the needed ingredients in his kitchen.
Then he heard a girl cheering his name.
He saw the mother sitting in the nest a few minutes later.
After a couple of hours Don realized his mistake.
Cheese dripped down her chin!
We went to Universal Studios in Orlando for vacation.
Tom went home with a backache.
Another girl came up to Andrea to introduce herself.
Soon, the box arrived.
He had nowhere to go.
Jennifer stayed up too late with her boyfriend one night.
Once she got to work she was mean to everyone.
His wife, Karen, looked at him like he was crazy.
He used a fake gun.
Jim was now able to get insurance.
We checked the weather report and it agreed so we headed out.
He saw a counselor.
My friends always asked me if I had a facebook account.
Neither boy caught any fish.
Douglas went to the wilderness.
He decided that he would go more often.
He spent weeks practicing the card tricks from the book.
I went to the store to look for a card.
Brenda wanted to be class president more than anything.
It's not Willard's fault that he feels so unwell.
She decided to be more careful next time.
The middle school kids were going to put on a musical.
He bought a snicker bar, which cost him 50 cents.
But he felt too full and bloated afterwards.
Bill made a list on his phone for shopping.
Since he knew that his condition was temporary, he remained quiet.
Susy felt scared.
As soon as we got outside I heard my brother crying.
He looked online but could not find it anywhere.
One day he went to the beach.
She offered to help for free, because she was kind.
When we left, I treated her to some dinner before we left.
Two hours after sunrise, I finally saw a large doe.
We went to see her for the first time.
She noticed that her goldfish tank was dirty as she fed the fish.
Suddenly, her brother came in.
She wanted to go to the store.
She carefully followed all the instructions and put it in the oven.
I eventually found the one i was looking for.
I went and sat near where she heard the sound.
Gary died in his sleep that night.
Charles went to visit her in the nursing home.
They both heard the jingle of the ice cream truck.
But the room still smelled.
A glass vase with a price tag of $1000 teetered from the shelf.
The recipe called for two cups of flour.
Ian bought some seedlings to plant in his new garden.
Jessica came home after a long day of work to relax and watch some TV.
Now she shares her love and talent with everyone.
Last week the building inspected the apartments.
She asked her dad for some help.
Then he went to pre-enlistment boot camp.
One day, Max received a phone call.
The next week, the doctor came back with bad news.
He never enjoyed school, and dreaded the thought of a desk job.
Usually it was just Roger though and that's how he liked it.
When she arrived, she set her cookies on the table and waited.
Then, she had to wait for the rest of the ballet to end.
Danny put the mailbox back upright.
Marshall was able to fix his car.
Tom was bored at a friends house.
Kate had never seen one in real life.
Barb planted some fruit trees in her yard.
She brought it to the party and people teased her.
Sue was so excited about finally getting a new phone.
When they met up, they were already suspicious.
It was so relaxing to just sit and watch.
I saw that I was very sick.
She took it home and loved it forever!
We sat frozen and worried.
Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed a bright green frog.
Claude no longer felt safe at home.
State laws require that it must stay locked and unloaded.
After watching herself on camera, Jill was able to feel calmer.
He pulled them to safety.
Yesterday, the woman threw the man out of the apartment.
On the last hole your ball went down a tube.
It helped Tim relax and have a good first day.
She got a basket and put some mums in it.
She had to get them pulled.
Martha was walking down the street by the curb.
The went running every Sunday.
Jimmy needed a new calculator.
She found one child that was a perfect fit.
They also like to surf on the water.
She couldn't afford much.
It gives me time to think and meditate.
He found a very handsome man.
One night Chris was having trouble sleeping.
She found a toad in the pond.
And he was greeted by an old frail woman.
He was then able to read his newspaper!
He calls an Uber.
I threw them in the wash.
They were all very supportive and Barbara felt a lot better.
Fortunately Tony heard of Aason admiration for him.
What I liked it very much.
They called the landlord to fix it.
Tom felt better.
She performed very poorly on her exam.
She wanted to be just like her older sister.
Finally, Gregory got a high paying job and got a lot of money.
He looked outside his peephole.
She was in charge of helping customers find the right clothes.
I went to the moves last night.
He was put into a mental hospital.
I could not find out why they stunk so bad.
Sandy was driving from out of town.
She went into the kitchen and made her sandwich.
Darryl wanted to be a successful radio host.
Jasmine and her friends came back in from the water.
One day I just left them home.
Stacy was struggling in her math class.
There was a rip and I could hardly see.
He wondered who they were following.
I had only checked off four of my fifty goals.
They took him to look at dogs.
She put a big bandaid on it.
The bathrooms in the bar were for paying customers only.
She cried and accepted.
He vowed to never sleep through the test again.
Before they knew it all of their children had grown into adults.
After enough thinking her mom agreed and they bought the dress.
My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing.
He eventually got better and better.
Cindy loved to eat double cheeseburgers every day of her life.
She put it in her desk and left the building.
The weather was predicted to be sunny all that weekend.
Yves decided to make chocolate instead.
However, the chains broke.
Because the storm was bad, her mother said no.
She could not wait to invite them over again.
One day the company's stock started plummeting.
I went to a baroque music concert this year.
She sat down next to a girl with blonde hair.
Alas, the neighbor's kids destroyed the snowman.
Both wanted to be president.
They were together for 6 months and seemed very much in love.
Her husband agreed as well.
She went to the pet store and found the perfect one.
He died of a heart attack three years later.
He noticed his gas mileage was really low.
He finally found one he liked.
Riley had always enjoyed playing board games.
Darla tried to reach into the machine to get her drink.
He is getting extra exercise.
He knew they had a lot of teeth.
When they sat down, her family was very loud.
Afterwards, my friend called me to ask why I cheated.
He first applied at a fast food place.
Michael wants to go to college.
He said no, so the person offered to take him in.
Tony was going to a friends house for a sleepover.
I gave up and we went back inside the house.
To her relief she answered the teacher's question correctly.
Mabel hated eggplants.
Valerie was glad that no food was wasted.
His most popular items were often animal-shaped.
Tom wanted to save money.
She collided into her friend.
Chris wanted to learn to rollerblade.
They both love the tv show The Office.
The next day she went back to work.
The cat had never seen a ball.
Some of his stuff would not fit.
In a few weeks she had lost the extra weight!
Sally will never know who sent the roses.
Roger decided to let his friends win some of the games.
His mother found the watch inside his backpack.
When Kelly got the quiz she left it blank.
The book sold like hot cakes, but she made many enemies.
She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.
Howard hated school.
He loved it so much he would wear it in class.
It was the best game he ever played.
Marshall recognized her.
She had accidentally left him out all night!
However, John got hurt and was out for the rest of the year.
But he noticed someone riding a bike that looked like his.
The kids liked them.
We all talked and laughed all night.
Cynthia walked home and colored her hair.
One girl was staring at me.
The forecast called for thunderstorms.
Jesse blared his siren.
Then I shouted at her for not remembering my birthday.
Along the way she failed every test.
Soon he felt much better.
However to her surprise, she got lost.
Taylor failed her test.
They got into a fight and went to sleep angry.
Her mother never realized she had purchased the candy.
The commercial convinced Amy and she left to buy the makeup.
She heard a loud noise from her engine.
He wanted to learn about new gadgets.
I could not find one on amazon or ebay.
Gina put her speak in the window of her bedroom.
He formed patties for the burgers.
When I found my Leatherman I almost cried tears of joy.
She went to the doctor.
She struggled to pay her rent.
One day as she sat she noticed her hair buzz.
Terry heard a funny noise outside.
She found a spot where she could see the fish in the water.
They grimaced and went to find a small stick.
He set his alarm earlier for the morning.
My friend was using it as a coaster on his coffee table!
It cost over $15 despite how miniscule it was.
I will put the tv in his room to go with his xbox.
Mark's new hobby was buying and selling stocks.
They waited in a long line for her turn to see Santa.
Ted left feeling relieved and happy!
I was nervous since I hadn't seen my friend in 10 Years.
Unfortunately, she got lost.
Susie could not open her shoppers.
And her computer began to behave strangely.
She saw Kendall Jenner.
But I put them back when I saw they were seven dollars.
He found a breakaway chair, in which he was unaware of.
Gina didn't want to sit in the front row.
He wanted to go before he died.
Orianna was staying at her friend's house.
Ted realized boxing was a lot harder than it looked.
I expected some silly gossip,
James saw a spider in the cabinet.
About an hour into his drive, the phone went dead!
Her kids hated spinach.
This time he went off the large half pipe.
I went to the beach with my family.
Thankfully the pain went away soon.
Blood oozed from the small wound made by the blade.
My FB friend posted a sad message.
One day she is the one who needs help.
He went to the dentist's office.
He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill.
He got a special leash for her to keep her safe.
I took the rock I received from the neighbor girl inside.
In response, Hannah slapped the child.
Within minutes Jane's feet were killing her.
They went to bed early, but forgot about the ice cream on the counter!
Betsy went to look at the cheetahs and got scared.
He went to the store.
He went to the store.
He went to the store.
Jane saw a squirrel as she stood in her yard.
It looked fabulous!
Robin went to school for electrical engineering.
Her ex boyfriend invited her to stay with him.
Her friend Julie read the last clue.
It is supposed to be another reality show.
That way, none of the berries went to waste!
Albert had watched karate related shows on tv for years.
I went downtown.
I had a lot of trouble going to sleep.
After being quiet for hours, Andrew finally saw an ape.
They were facing the greatest offense of all time.
Mike was excited to see the gift.
Blake wanted to try out for the football team.
Lucy was excited to have someplace to go.
Max loved to cook.
His friend recommended some heavy metal bands.
Paco had ambitions of riding horses.
The first dress the girls saw was absolutely beautiful.
Most of her customers are little old ladies who like to sew.
A first it wasn't hard going to bed early and giving up a social life.
Tom found it in the trash weeks later.
He did a terrible job.
Jen had always been intrigued by the variety of wine in Napa Valley.
In reality I threw myself from the hammock on to the ground.
When I stepped outside, everyone ran away.
Sam noticed she kept being slightly flirtatious.
Kristin is happy when Zoey sleeps for three hours!
I sat on my tablet on accident.
Only to find out he was predictably gay.
I went to the doctor.
All the ones I tried had a weird aftertaste.
Bill replied he needed oranges.
He becomes very sick on the roller coaster.
Dan thought he was a really good cook.
He threw up and called it an early night.
The man who got out carried a crate with him.
She found a house she really likes in Coos Bay, Oregon.
She asked her guests to blow bubbles instead.
She ended up doing very well.
John wanted some barbecue chicken.
Molly was mortified when a wart appeared on her thumb.
She had been looking forward to the game all week.
He lost his job because he was drinking on the job.
At the final meet of the year he went all out.
Sometimes we went to his house to watch the show.
Afterwards, Ramona quickly changed into dry clothes.
She worked full time at the home, but still managed do well in school.
Every spring I make a garden.
We never knew where he went until one day our neighbor came by.
And some seemed very serious.
He could spell any word.
Stella went to a concert at a local club.
We left early in the morning taking a bus to the city.
He received many presents.
A tree branch was scraping the window.
It took me over two hours to get them clean.
Tom liked the new appearance of his car.
Jules went to a bingo game.
Ben watches the show until it ends and then goes to bed.
Priss bought a string bikini at the mall.
One day it went missing.
Soon, she was so emotional her driving was suffering.
Martha was at home about to go to bed.
She suddenly remembered that she had forgotten her lunch money check.
Kia's dog ran away.
One of the princesses gave him a small button.
Kira went to the fair with her friends.
He checked the brands, to see to whom the new sheep belonged.
One day Sandy came home and there was something waiting for her.
The next day, he found it in the lost and found at school.
The girl was learning to play a new instrument.
One day she saw a foreclosed home.
She advertised her business to homeowners with lawns.
She prayed to God and nothing happened.
He sat down at his office desk.
Dan's doctor decided to take an X-ray of the injured leg.
Gina had heard them on the radio and she liked their music.
Neither side seemed to be doing any advancing.
So she decided to take a French class.
They smelled heavenly, of cinnamon.
He misses the ball.
She had wanted sleep.
Rihanna sat in class.
Alissa received an invitation to her class reunion.
Jesse was nearly asleep when she heard the rustling.
Everyone usually liked her rum cake.
He thought he wanted to be a successful artist.
He stayed and chatted for an hour, and Gina felt more relaxed.
It left the beautiful Freda looking very bad.
All of the kids giggled about it.
It was hard, but she found a very loving couple.
The doctor had to put a cast on her broken foot.
But Allie wasted a half hour waiting.
Joe was stopping at a drive thru for breakfast.
The teacher asked the class if anyone had seen the violin.
I have a puppy named lollipop.
I told her I was sorry for her loss.
When Miranda was a child, she went to summer camp.
She'd heard bad things about antidepressants, and she hesitated.
Karen began writing about what she ate that morning.
However, he refused to shut down.
She felt an intense pain in her back.
She dressed up very carefully for her date and arrived early.
She decided to go to the comedy club!
When she had children she expected them to love Star Wars as well.
Greg attended more track team practices than Charles.
All of a sudden he was tackled.
He went to college.
Trisha wants to be a writer.
When the girl wasn't looking, Robin put a small doll in her pocket.
Joe killed Wayne.
She was struggling!
She arrived on campus and unpacked all her belongings in her dorm.
This morning, Amanda's alarm clock failed, which made her sleep late.
The bread turned out to be stale.
Hoping to get away from the cold, they marveled at warm temperatures.
She was accepted on the squad!
He went to a store to look for something warm to wear.
Tim did not quite dare to do it.
Tracy was going to her nephew's birthday party.
Abby was going to the movies this weekend.
His wife told him to see a psychologist.
Her eldest, an 18 year old girl named Sheila, stayed home.
She decided she could handle parenthood on her own.
Suddenly I heard a gunshot!
The brochure had made it look fun.
Todd slid off the snowy highway into a field.
Tim felt that he was fat.
As the plane took off she almost fainted.
They fired him.
She finally gave up and let him cry it out.
She knew her parents couldn't afford it.
Brian found Nike shoes for $100.
I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast.
However, as he was studying, he fell asleep.
I only move in with people I know and trust now.
Nita wanted to be a wood carver.
Kate's co-worker was quitting in 4 days.
When they arrived, they redirected the man to his door.
Fernando lived alone in his house.
He arrived in the country of Mali.
My friends and I went to a restaurant last sunday.
Andy was invited to a friend's poker night.
Emma had forgotten to do her homework.
She looked absolutely beautiful.
Travis and his wife went on a cruise.
He could barely afford food.
My wife misses her.
He looked in the mirror.
Evan finally received the correct cards!
All Ben's friends had cars, and he wanted one too.
Gina's family was going to a funeral out of town.
She was going into the third grade.
Kathy remembered that snails like to come out in the rain.
She saw a large fin rise from the water.
We looked for it for a few minutes.
Her boss had a team meeting and requested that the action stop.
Claire smelled a bad odor in her house.
James collected enough money for the gifts he needed to purchase.
She did not want to stay with Mark anymore.
She went to the library to find a good one.
He wants to be baptized.
Omer was excited for his birthday party.
Michael was stunned to learn he had HIV.
He asked his mom if he could get them.
They practiced every day after school.
Jane went to sleep hungry.
Sharon was sitting in her backyard on a Friday night.
He went to the gym for about a month.
Anita went to the office for information on the position.
Tom saw live wheat-grass for sale.
On Christmas Eve, Danny heard interesting noises from downstairs.
Since he was furious, he went to speak with his dean.
He went up the mountain but got lost.
Carl decided he was okay to drive the 22 miles home.
At home, she looked at the charges on her credit card.
Once he saw the car in person it was completely different.
He wasn't invited but he went with a friend anyway.
Eventually she gave in and they went with his choice.
His daughter got him a new phone.
She spent the evening thanking him and sneezing!
I went to check on them.
She put the money away.
Mark stood backstage, his pulse racing.
I was tired but not ready to go to sleep yet.
There were three baby birds and a mother bird tapping on the window.
I also noticed that my outfit was cut.
He heard a noise outside.
Her parents decided to get her the puppy as a gift.
They sat around talking and laughing for an hour.
Ida wanted cereal, but couldn't have milk.
She has to wear the big heavy coat all the time now to keep warm.
My friend wanted to meet up and I saw him after a few minutes.
Sue was having friends over to play board games.
I shall never let that happen again.
But their landlord doesn't want a guy living with two girls.
He felt ecstatic after he found out he made the team.
I've had a whole year to think about my letter to Santa.
She heard a knock at the door.
Michelle's parent went out of town.
One lady invited him in for a snack.
She quickly learned it was a pain in the butt.
Alison lived in England while Perry lived in Texas.
Sue was making fun of how old my shoes were.
Ricky was drinking his favorite cup of black coffee.
Virginia was a number one seed and favored to win the game.
So She entered a contest to show off her skills.
She wanted to accept before getting a financial aid offer.
Sam got a second job for extra money.
They found they liked many of the same things apart from singing.
Karen liked them because they were comfortable.
However she forgot to record her favorite show.
Ashley and Maria went to the Historical Museum.
They both arrive at the same time.
By the time I got out of class, I had already forgotten about it.
While sitting at his favorite coffee shop he sneezed his glasses off.
The three other plants looked normal.
She was painting her nails.
Gina payed for her order and went to the restaurant.
The teller stood shocked for a moment.
I realized, parenthood is enjoyable but difficult at the same time.
He decided to do it himself.
Marion was concerned for her friend Sue.
By the end of the week, we were so sun burnt!
A Shepherd named James had 100 sheep.
They were missing!
After a few months, he couldn't pay for either card.
Larry and Melvin were playing catch in the yard.
He went to a post office.
Mark was looking for firework displays, enjoying the cold night air.
Pam felt that she had finally started her dream career.
Randall felt extremely guilty.
He looked at the view all around him.
Inside the pipe was a head, sitting upright.
Chad wanted a puppy.
Laura needed a new computer.
Susan was concerned about her well being.
But the horse was not broken.
John went into the office early the next morning.
Carrie had just found out that she was pregnant.
William was feeling very bad.
Alex had wanted a pet dog for her whole life.
Abe went for his walk by the light of the moon.
Len wanted a puppy for his 7th birthday party.
Holly was ecstatic when she found out she was pregnant!
He spits out the first bite, wishing for bacon.
His dad consoled him.
She wanted to ride the new train.
He ran back inside to grab his pump.
Mara was extremely nervous, especially about kicking the board apart.
He practiced his speaking skills.
Part of a big family, Greta envied classmates who were only children.
Finally another kid found the caterpillar had gone into a cocoon.
Apple's stocks went up $300 in one day!
I decided not to drink any more.
Jane always took notes with a pink highlighter.
The next day he passed away.
Everyone inside the cafeteria laughed at him.
They wanted to spice up their relationship.
He looked over and saw a car full of people looking at him.
She pulled over to take some painkillers.
When he finally sees an open seat, he rushes to sit down.
I didn't know I needed glasses, until middle school.
The zookeeper saw him and shouted at him to move quickly.
One day he heard of a party at work.
I had not studied at all.
He was a clown and helped the riders escape the bulls.
The woman felt dizzy.
I wanted a new haircut.
I found it was a complex and beautiful country.
We live in a city neighborhood.
She saw the tornado sweep up much of her yard.
His wife urged him to go seek help for his problem.
Jim got in a car accident one day and had a new outlook on life.
Finally, he went to a farm and was able to see a cow.
He looked in the back yard.
Rene went very high.
Everybody else also wanted the same new game.
Beth was optimistic, but Amy felt nothing but dread.
He sees a kid having trouble hitting the ball.
Tom decides he wants to have a dog.
Jasper wanted to find a way to stay cool.
Gemma snuck into her neighbor's yard and cut all their flowers.
That morning, Casey cried when her gift was a new puppy!
Rodney used Charles' house phone for a long distance call.
Sue kept smelling something horrible coming from her room.
One day his mom asked him if he could perhaps stop.
Joel sat down at his teacher's desk extremely nervous and jittery.
She felt so successful!
He was going by the time on the clock.
One the first day, she stood on line outside waiting alone.
Liv wanted to learn karate.
He let guests sleep on the top floor.
Tanya and Tom received detention.
He enjoyed the articulate and uplifting language used.
Tycho had to stay and get antibiotics through an IV.
But the clarinet was all that was left.
Carol was really scared that she would fail.
She watched him through the shelf while pretending to look at boxes.
Eventually the other three agreed on music.
She was going fishing for the first time.
James accepted a new position.
The Whitehead family went to the zoo.
Jim's neighbor was an older lady who had suffered a stroke.
She hopped on her friend's back.
Finn met with his friends one evening for drinks.
Molly shrewdly estimated the quantity of jelly beans.
As the day arrived, Barry was ready to give his speech.
When her grandma wasn't looking, her dad moved it to his plate.
Yesterday, he handed out his new mixtape to me.
Roy wanted a BB-gun for Christmas.
Craig had been going to medical school for years.
He had been looking forward to it for days.
He went home very unhappy.
Johnny had a bunch of work he had to do.
She put on her shoes and lucky bowling glove.
Everything else just seems so slow and boring.
Five miles later, Lieutenant Dan realized he took the wrong road.
He stood in line at Best Buy for an hour in the cold!
My mom called me to remind me about dinner being ready.
Clark tries to drive home but runs out of gas.
He was sleeping in his tent in the yard.
It was late to arrive.
Now he can see very well.
She put stickers on the melon for eyes and a nose.
It crippled his boat and they both needed rescuing.
Kelly's brother married Alaina.
Someone suggested he take a bus so he looked into it.
Harold was hiking in the forest alone.
He sat down to read a book, and he saw a man with the same book.
Spot heard the water running and escaped the yard.
Linda realized she forgot a swimsuit.
Yesterday however they found a mouse in their food.
She decided to stop by the grocery store.
At the cafe, she saw her friend Justin.
She noticed a funny taste in her mouth.
There were tons of cars and he couldn't find his.
A young boy was being followed by a dog.
Jane wanted to have a water gun fight.
John is known as a slumlord.
When billy found the tarantula, he fainted.
They each scored 50 points in the first half.
The teacher required him to retake the course.
Monica was excited to see a new movie.
Tina then realized they didn't need a divorce.
Cara spends hours looking at cars, and finally finds the perfect one.
The boy cried in relief.
I noticed a huge alligator swimming in our canal behind our house.
Kyle was going to the beach.
Sara was at work one day and leaned over to pick up a pen.
She went to the checkout area and paid for all her food.
I cannot remember the last time I felt it for a woman.
He was astounded to find himself in Italy.
Javier loved playing outside.
Bo was in a rush to leave for school one morning.
Tammy, Barb's friend invited her over to watch the show with her.
He read in braille and became a top attorney.
Tj heard about the water crisis in Michigan.
We finally arrived to learn that he died minutes before our arrival.
Baron's goal allowed his team to win!
I waited at the bus stop for the bus.
Today that record was broken when someone threw up four times.
I asked a friend if they'd ever seen the stars with a good telescope.
His brother forgave him but Preston still felt guilty.
When Ace was young, he wanted to be in the military.
It took a while for the hormones to go to normal.
Gill took the dog to the vet.
Anna went for a walk.
He practiced twirling his baton often.
Brock and Willie went to the movies.
Immediately, Jeff felt more relaxed.
Anne wanted to feed seagulls.
They now inched away from the out of control blaze.
It was harder than he had expected.
Alana was looking for a boyfriend online.
Her boss called her into his office.
Terry and John were expecting their first child.
My car keys were nowhere to be found.
Over time Landes became a good chess player .
She went to the dealership.
She took him home and spoiled him.
Tabitha wanted a cat.
The picture kept buffering.
Tom ran the water for a while and it always came out dirty.
I threw it back down and we ran away.
She was amazed at all she was seeing!
Fortunately, his hard work paid off.
I tried it and it was disgusting.
Fred was looking for a job.
Karl loved delivering mail.
Then, my friend told me she had a gift for me.
Liz and her friends wanted to go on it.
He was very nervous about flying.
First he found a recipe for it on the internet.
She went online and found a perfect sweater in gray.
She left a footprint in the perfectly smooth sidewalk.
He then went to his mom's room.
It just sat there beside the television.
He knew both were high maintenance.
Tim wound up waking up late and doing nothing.
She was sitting on the ski lift.
On Saturday, Jerry let his little brother Tim watch a scary movie.
Andy's mom asked him if he wanted to sell anything at a garage sale.
They decided to make fun of themselves a bit as they danced.
I also saw a number of his standup comedy specials.
John had to go to the hospital.
He had a very hard time getting it to stay on.
So she went with him.
One day, 13 year old Simon refuses to go.
His proclivity for argumentation served him well.
However he had never seen one.
I always forget to bring my canvas bags with me instead.
She ended up scoring three goals in the game.
It turns out that her mother had just died.
They decided to compromise.
She just looked at him with wide, innocent eyes.
I went home with a stomach ache.
Then her chosen school opened a free daycare for students!
Henry sat and listened intently.
Before I knew it I was three glasses in.
The dog was beginning to have her yearly blowout.
Simone was feeling very lonely without a partner.
Tom realized the internet was being slow.
Jill went to the store and asked around about good lamps.
I found several late night horror movies.
He actually felt better after the therapy session!
Ken didn't realize the muffin had exotic nuts in it.
However, on call days she broke out the short skirts.
He wished the moment would last forever.
Billy wondered why Jeff wasn't as excited about packages as he was.
Tina and Marie went to a carnival together.
My son wanted to be a cook when he was 8.
When Keith proposed, his girlfriend Jen called her parents right away.
She went home and cried.
Elena went to a trivia competition at a pub.
As a little girl, Linda loved tulips.
I couldn't sleep last night.
For 45 minutes i followed him with no effort.
He jumps in his car, and makes it to work only two minutes late.
Andy knew he made the right decision about what route to take.
It also feels authentic because it is an older style.
Then I decided to cancel my membership.
He narrowed it down to an oil hose.
She looked apprehensive.
She was so embarrassed she wanted to die.
On our bikes, we enjoyed the feeling the wind on our faces.
The car did not start.
He found a leak in one of the pipes.
Even though I am an adult, I still like cartoons.
They found out they were having a baby boy.
Angelo was experiencing a dream come true.
The man took the smile as gratitude.
I was on an elevator at work when a cute girl walked on.
We saw The Martian on demand two weeks ago.
Patricia went to the hospital to see her dad.
Tom bought a new calendar.
That meant that she chose chocolate.
She met someone.
He didn't pay much attention.
Donny and his family were headed there for the weekend.
So he had to find something else.
I decided to buy underwear some other day.
I was unprepared and felt really cold.
Liz always wanted a tattoo.
He wasn't that close to the person who died.
She was getting very cranky and not feeling well from lack of sleep.
Neil wanted to vacation in Asia.
A married couple have jobs delivering medical supplies.
Tina felt helpless.
She put it safely in the house.
He wanted to express his feelings towards me.
He was able to steer the balloon towards a field.
He wanted his hair to look like Tom Cruise.
Gina's brother was yelling loudly at her.
He buys a new car.
But they broke up after the summer.
They could barely hear me.
A few minutes ago I played a 1600 opponent.
Jen and Tim wanted to go to the new mall.
She began to gulp it down thirstily.
Drake was scared to tell his friends.
The next day, he found a love note under his windshield wiper.
He often makes jokes and does silly stunts.
Gina had brought a stray dog into the kitchen.
Henry went to the hospital today.
She realized that she was allergic to the berries.
He found a tiny little ant in the corner of our kitchen.
Molly was having trouble finding a costume for Halloween.
He put the bait on the hook.
Finally Tony could see!
Shelly's boyfriend moves on and finds someone better.
Sam and Jane realized that the distance had killed their relationship.
Beth regrets not being more focused and letting her team down.
Becky no longer likes candy as much anymore.
It had always been boring at her uncles.
Alison wanted to win.
Sometimes she gave people 1 extra pickle and see if they noticed.
She appreciated the sentiment.
Brad used to light ants on fire with a magnifying glass
Erica didn't like the people that she ran into.
Anna was glad she'd gone with her gut instinct.
She sober hours berating herself for looking terrible.
She drove to the church and gave it to the director.
Sure enough, once the glasses were gone, the teasing stopped.
I went to the zoo by myself.
She had a cousin that attended her new school.
But one night she forgot her homework in her locker.
She heard a rumor rats were seen in the bakery at night.
My fingers are hitting the wrong keys and it makes the task harder.
The manager sent out the pizza for free.
She put it on the counter to cool.
Donald wanted to meet an eagle.
But Hester misses the roses because they were an old tradition.
Sara was invited to lunch with her co-workers.
So she went from secret admirer to happy girlfriend.
He just finished up a recording session in Nashville.
A drop of condensation slid down the outside of the glass pitcher.
Rene sat in the living room with growing anxiety.
She was left with horrible scabs on her legs.
She made sure to water them often.
She often saw many small wild animals on her rides.
I find out that they're not financially available anymore.
The budding scientists liked seeing the reaction.
Together, they waded in the cool water.
He looked up different options online.
Sally had not shaved for 2 weeks.
Their teacher suffered an unlikely death at the hand of the enemy.
Mary took her purse into the bathroom stall and set it on the shelf.
Together they were building a nice little boat.
The bus came to my stop.
Oliver lived in a very arid place.
She took pictures and documented her success.
He scrolled down to read more.
But when she returned, the cone had melted!
She went to the pet store to pick one out.
Mom always used to stitch up my teddy bear.
Jim was invited into his friend's house.
He found a restaurant near campus he really liked.
Everyone closed their eyes.
He said he did not believe her.
As soon as she sat down, she flinched.
Cal needed a new car.
In Hollywood he got his first job.
Tim and his girlfriend got into a big fight over it.
They found it in the big red box after all!
Ted wanted a new alarm clock.
Sam was always a hard worker but his boss never seemed to notice.
She wanted Sam to have siblings but she was without a partner.
For Mitch's birthday, his friend gave him a history book.
He visited a restaurant there.
Gary wanted to have an exciting adventure.
Then some of the other kids suggested the Machine Guns.
Gary bumped the hot sauce jar.
But when her friend offered her one, she ate it.
The thugs robbed and beat Henry, leaving him on the street.
He went through each crease in the liner carefully.
He followed his training with a steady hand.
The sun was shining brightly.
After a few months he was able to easily do ten pull ups.
She read the entire thing in one evening.
He kept losing fights.
Kim was watching television.
Nickole owes Angelina $20.
Harry would only see his father once or twice a year after that.
Mike had a big meeting to attend in the morning.
There, she found the perfect soft, loving little kitty!
While the teacher wasn't looking she passed it to him.
He was wearing some worn out sandals.
I decided not to sit on the chair, but sat on the sofa.
The car needed new oil.
He found an extra long one on sale.
They loaded all the wood onto a trailer.
She immediately realized her mistake and rushed to the kitchen.
He pulled in front of my car.
She realized she loved it!
She decided that she has a craving and wants Chinese food.
Now, she can finally have some free time to write her book
Ophelia was smelling something funny.
He received a job two weeks later.
A long time ago, Charles made a decision to live in college.
Jerome was a cab driver who needed a real career.
Right now I can hear thunder.
He went to the boiler room and hooked up the cable to his unit.
I get healthcare through my parents' health insurance.
She needed a small trim.
Jack needed new running shoes.
She noticed that her mother was quite distraught.
His friend agreed.
Sure enough, Niles failed the quiz.
Tommy had planned on going to the store.
He was left by the school bus and he was late.
So she asked her mother to teach her how to knit.
When the bus came I realized I forgot my wallet at home.
She made the band.
He ended up falling into a fountain.
She also received money and a new TV as gifts.
I took a look at her belly while we were playing this afternoon.
We end up spending the whole day playing arcade games.
Luke's cabin loses power.
He lay the kindling on the newspaper and lit the fire.
Kim's class was going to a school assembly in the auditorium.
Olivia hated karaoke.
The cat smelled something.
When he finally logged in all the work was gone.
So, she dedicated a whole Saturday to cleaning every inch.
Then he saw that train rides were much more affordable.
I lost my coat on the playground.
At night, the house looked beautiful!
I felt much better because he was clearly a criminal.
When Jim began high school he wished to be like the men in his family.
At home he gives the food to his wife.
She wasn't expecting anything from God but went for comfort.
My girlfriend was lying on the sofa under some covers.
A few days later we received some money in the mail.
George hated that moustaches had gone out of style.
First she went to Lake Michigan.
Bob left his bedroom and a familiar smell greeted him.
The dad fumbled in the dark and found a lantern and matches.
Along the sidewalk she found a kitten.
The cat lounged around and was lazy.
One day mommy took her swing away and she cried.
I see her through the window, watching TV with no remorse.
He climbed on a climber.
The car needed new spark plugs.
Mary's doorbell rang unexpectedly.
She had enjoyed the conversation and their dinner quite a lot.
Not realizing this, Danny's dad accidentally left him there!
A person hit her car from the side.
Everyone attended class on the first day.
Logan and his friends liked the cake and ice cream.
The bar told him they didn't know anything about it.
They agreed, if she did a month's worth of dishes.
Finally by chance, she stumbled across a pair.
She saw a field of flowers.
He lived in his own world, which could be a problem.
Brian went to the concert and had a great time.
Phil found a rack of lamb on sale.
She happily accepted.
His older brother accepted.
He bought a Slurpee.
He spotted an attractive girl there.
She couldn't bare the thought of facing him in class.
He never really had the courage to talk to them, but he wanted to.
He wanted to be closer to his job.
Landon received a wedding invitation in the mail.
After a few hours it started hailing.
They went to the dance in their costumes and had the best time.
Justine hates her regular job.
I noticed two of her closest friends are lesbians.
Oscar has yet to find his dog.
I never let him go back outside after that day.
They had to wait a few weeks.
His plan was successful and everyone praised him.
She cooked everything perfectly except the gravy.
Now I go down there all the time because I am no longer afraid.
Among them, he noticed that his hammer was missing.
Chad went to the bathroom to weigh himself.
My parents invited me over for thanksgiving.
She thanked the shopkeeper, and left feeling quite pleased.
He sold me on it and I just applied to become one.
One day Gloria went to the zoo.
Everyone watched the game and had lots of fun.
She liked the song and the gestures that went with it.
He needed coffee.
She asked for the dressing on the side.
Maria went on Yelp to look for a good place to eat.
After a few hours, the police arrived at my door with my dog.
On his first trip out on the water, his instructor spotted a shark.
Derek went and researched all the players on the cards.
Ted left for the hospital early.
She finally finds the perfect one for her!
After college she had to decide where to live.
He told her that it's impossible since there's no name on it.
Tom enjoyed basketball very much.
Christina likes to go camping.
It looked like the perfect day for the beach.
Karen received a notice she needed to sign her policy documents.
her friend June talked to her about the trip.
Frank works for a kidney dialysis company.
He saw him going to the bathroom.
He went to check on his horse one day.
I felt its wet hands on me.
Maxine wants to have slightly darker skin.
He opened it to see the baseball cards arranged inside.
So Tom and his son went to a famous race course to watch one.
Harry has always enjoyed lifting weights.
When his alarm went off in the morning Jimmy kept hitting snooze.
He let her take both of the kittens home!
But he found out that it was worth thousands of dollars.
Alan could not find his car keys.
He has lived with me for the past five years.
Flonnie lived to be 96 years old and died alone.
Barry was elated to hear that he got the part of Hamlet in the play.
Christopher is now having second thoughts about going to school there.
Reg and his grandma were watching TV.
He got so upset he destroyed his computer.
Meaghann invited Chad on a picnic.
She had a job with a new family, watching their two cats.
He goes to the mall.
He made sure everything mechanical was working.
The bear went into their lunch box as they ran away.
He now is dedicated to patrolling the streets.
They had both wanted to be friends with each other!
And it was snowing hard now.
He received a Master's Degree in education.
The person on the other line was breathing on the phone.
Jerry wanted a new Lego set that he had seen at the toy store.
Iris really needed a new hair treatment.
Ken lived in the country.
He felt something wet and sticky on his face.
I threw a ball at my friend who stood with a bat.
Samantha hated onions.
His mother hated his father.
I handed him my surfboard and invited him to show us firsthand.
Finally, they drew some blood to test it.
She advertised her services at school.
She needed a different hairstyle.
By the time he looked the cat was gone forever.
Ann felt scared and disappointed by the violence.
He decided to start reading 'A Song of Ice and Fire'.
He joined a study group to improve his grades.
Sarah felt unusually confident that day.
His past successes prevent him from taking risks.
Molly thought she was really cool.
When they got home, they saw they all had bed bug bites!
I learned to stop when running hot.
Jennifer hated her family.
As soon as I put my foot on the road, a tree fell on the ground.
Monica was reading a book on the couch.
Ray grabbed a pair of pants to wear for the day.
When she turned 18, her parents finally saw the pain she was in.
Bill was not looking forward to the holidays.
For the rest of the day, she went to the club.
The first three workers missed their landing by 15' feet.
The family loved playing board games together.
Wherever he goes, he always looks in the bathroom.
She stayed with me for a week or two.
Mary was going on a camping trip.
She couldn't understand why.
Lucy didn't want to go to church.
I received my report card.
At the end of her shift, her manager praised her work.
But as the day went on, his stomach ache got worse.
Alice want to make a special dessert for Thanksgiving.
Dan intended to work hard on his favorite HIT.
One puppy died and three were alive.
Jessica had to go to the city.
He left her to find his soulmate.
Tiff hated her turtle.
And he felt much more secure.
Patrick went to the seashore to see the sunset.
She noticed a lot of purchases for a mysterious store called XXX.
After I skipped detention all week, I got called to the principal.
As she looked for the butterflies, she came across a lost puppy.
Lane's dad had been in the army and he wanted the same for Lane.
He saw a paper posted in front of the class.
Someone had forgotten to set the tolerances correctly.
Eventually, she completed her exam and turned it in.
Christmas morning she noticed a big box by the tree.
Soon, the park was full of cars, loud radios and barking dogs.
It cooled me down after awhile.
Instead of only wearing just red she now wears the color blue.
He also made sure to mentally prepare himself.
We went to the local football game.
The rain was so heavy he couldn't see well at all.
Gary was anxious, yet excited to hear the sex of the baby.
His guests were impressed by its flavor.
Kayla had just given him a bunch of catnip.
Jason was going on a fishing trip.
He decided to be a lion this year.
Henry wanted a cell phone for Christmas, nothing else.
Tracy was taking a test.
Will went with his friends to a haunted house.
Their friend's dog had given birth to eight puppies.
They hiked to a waterfall to see that view.
Despite the fact I studied real hard, I was still nervous.
He realized sailing wasn't all fun.
He applied to various jobs everywhere.
He constantly made many errors and annoyed everyone.
She put on a mask and flippers.
Fred asked a question.
He knew not to trust her around the table any more.
After a fun day of activities, we all went to bed.
It was going to be a tea party.
Kate and her family were watching a show on TV.
But shiny things fade fast.
It's been years since i saw him.
Luke was invited to sleepover in his friend's house.
Parents with a crying baby were in the same theater.
The mom packed the boy's lunch.
The captain saw movement down below in one of the streets.
At 2:00, Pat went to the break room for his daily cup.
But Andrew realized he had no cooking oil.
She smiled and hugged him.
Bill quit playing games with Joe.
John read the book all day and was no longer bored.
While he was there, a big kid accidentally ran over him.
He worried that he couldn't afford a fancy night out.
We moved in together a few months later.
When it arrived, I invited my friends over.
So she bought things to make herself feel better.
He cut a long thread of hair from off his horse.
I had standby tickets so I flew for free to see her.
I was going on a first date with a guy.
Candice chewed her nails nervously while 23 children raced around her.
Jerry was suffering from issues with his back.
Jane's husband saved up money for a bit.
Finally, he put out his cigarette.
Edward had always wanted a new phone.
Thankfully she had some aloe Vera nearby to heal it.
One of them said he knew of a haunted house.
He was relaxing in his backyard when a duck waddled up to him.
Myra stayed on the third floor in her apartment.
Abby will miss DC, but miss the cherry blossoms most.
She knew she didn't have the extra money.
On Christmas Eve Lilly could not find the family cat.
They were much cheaper, and no one knew the difference!
They waited patiently for their turn.
She left her coat on a chair while she went to the bathroom.
So Susie decided to give her a little treat.
When she felt confident, she went to show her family.
In walked my son who lives across the country.
I picked up the money and thought about giving it to the homeless man.
Before I returned it, the opponents scored a few points and won.
Her little brother had left a big bag of food out.
He saw a man jump roping.
My wife had found it outside.
When we went backwards my hat fell off.
I decided one day to get rid of my television.
We moved into our new house across the country last year.
He didn't want to be fat, too, though.
But he managed to meet another girl who enjoyed astronomy.
Jason's boss pleaded with him to stay and offered him a raise.
Chris realized he was not any good at bartering.
The police shot the bear, and the head sheriff skinned it alive.
We went to the neighbor's house for a christmas party.
All the babysitters were busy, and one was looking for her own sitter.
So when he took women on dates, he was always the best.
He decided to write a romantic love letter to woo her.
Tom was traveling overseas.
He went to a new area and decided to explore it alone.
Since the place needed meat, she also fried and eggs.
They waited for hours.
Fred was going to have a test.
I eventually went to sleep after the basketball game on TV was over.
I was spending my first night alone.
I went home with a smile.
It was very non-Westernized, he saw.
The store advertised hot dogs for free.
Jim always wanted to be a rapper.
My co-worker heard it and thought it was a cat.
I noticed I had no more lighter fluid.
He liked having a relaxing night at home.
Jim and Jen decided to go sledding one day.
The tacks left holes in the wall.
But her mom needed her to help with the family laundry instead.
Michael eagerly waited for his prescription to arrive.
They did not want Tina to feel welcome.
She never heard back from them.
Marco had always considered himself an adventurous eater.
Susan cried happy tears when the necklace was found.
Olivia was really sad until she realized this was the first one.
It did not listen to me.
Allison won many races.
My friend Jay went to Jamaica on his honeymoon.
Susie went to this new restaurant.
She found another girl of similar age interested.
One day Quentin awoke to mice gnawing at his furniture.
She was easily distracted by everything we walked past.
She realized just how bad the pollution problem was there.
Kelly was excited to attend a one direction concert.
I looked around at all the phones.
Then I put a thin glaze of honey on the pineapple.
Darlene had to find a replacement for the game.
She got caught up reading an interesting art exhibit.
She waited for him outside the stadium like they had planned.
Unfortunately, this attracted her co-workers towards her.
Larry was feeling ill.
Ron went to the beach for the day.
Gina decided it was time to call the cops.
Suddenly she heard a huge crash in her son's room.
Luckily, her friend offered to share lunch with her.
They helped him book gigs.
For now though I'm just enjoying it as a hobby.
When Randy's mom found out what they served, she was shocked.
Jane had forgotten all about her date.
She died of an unknown illness.
I waited for 8 hours.
Walter was working in his garden.
Charlie is continuously invited to each lunch with his new friends.
She immediately got out of her seat and smacked Billy.
One day he went to the doctors for a yearly physical.
After walking six blocks, she realized she forgot her purse.
Lisa and her friend went horseback riding.
He tried to put it on but it was too small!
His external emotions rarely reflected how he truly felt.
When she looked closer, she saw it was only heavy dust.
At first he doesn't like it.
As she rolled over she felt a sharp pain.
Nick went into full remission.
Ricard successfully married Amy last year.
On the bike ride home, I smiled and waved to many people.
Her mom immediately said no since the party has alcohol.
She sat on the porch with a beer in her hand.
Miranda saw a sheet of ice form on the sidewalk.
Mary lived in a very old house with old wiring.
They were on the road driving out of town.
The chiropractor gave him medicine.
It featured the Final Five US Olympians.
His new girlfriend likes the smell of his arm pits.
Zach wanted to buy a skateboard.
Kelly was ashamed of forgetting something so important.
Suddenly, his friend came up behind him and shot him.
Their ride finally arrived at Jim's house for them.
Kim began to laugh at how slow the old woman was.
Slowly Emily let go of the couch and turned towards her siblings.
I understood from that day forth that she was just a loner.
Therefore, Henry had to wait outside until he comes.
When he went to look for the owner he found her naked in the bath.
He paid for the wallet with a credit card.
Once, his friends came dancing with him for his birthday.
She always wanted a sweet sixteen party like the celebrities have.
My indian friends named me "blood orange", orange outside, red inside.
Gary and his wife were going to find out the sex of the babies today.
She searched Amazon for a good book.
When Doyle turned 18 his dad bought him his first gun.
Mari wanted to go see the baby panda.
I realized golf was a sport for everyone to enjoy regardless of age.
The quiz made up a large part of my grade.
The next owner found them.
The cop asked him why he looked and then laughed?
Jeff is called into his boss's office.
She told her coworkers what she had seen this morning.
Nobody liked his choice.
The rest of her night was spent alone in the dark.
She wanted them all to find homes.
Now, Kim is known throughout the world.
In her rage, she failed to realize it was the wrong car.
Mark and his brothers wanted to go to the beach.
She drove to Walmart.
We were at a mall and I saw what he wanted for Xmas.
She couldn't go back home until her parents were ready.
Tom and his girlfriend kept fighting.
His tee shirt, a beloved family hand me down, was covered in sauce.
Ed and his friends put red white and blue streamers on their bikes.
Jill was failing in her math class.
Lindsay looked into the fridge.
She suddenly had an urge to cough.
Annie's cough was gone in a few days.
Chris spent three weeks on crutches.
She hated tornados.
Melissa really hated spinach.
Jamie never liked finger sandwiches.
Suzy had to go to a gathering.
I felt something land on my hand.
Carson is so happy he left his job in television.
I saw the paintings in the tavern, and had some snacks.
Tony was attending his brother's wedding.
I wanted some corn burritos.
It's always so good to see my friend in New York.
He noticed there was a lot of trash by a lake.
Sam's uncle apologized profusely.
While on her way to the store, she had a flat and had to pull over.
Mike paid 20 dollars for a bag of dog food at the store.
Juliet learned her lesson.
When she came home her father screamed at her.
In the corner she came across John's gym shoes.
Richard needed special shoes as he had a foot slightly deformed.
Finally she found it left in the car.
Geraldine realized she had killed yet another plant!
Jim lost his hat at the train station.
John went to the post office.
He fired her immediately.
Kate and her mother were chasing a strange cat in their home.
His parents looked really hard for him.
They wanted to have a joint birthday party.
Tom did terrible on it.
Michelle went to a couple of interviews.
This one seemed to be funny, as well as slightly drunk.
But nobody knew how, until Anna had an idea.
Shortly thereafter a fire truck came by with emts.
The man saved a fellow soldier.
Three men approached and demanded money.
Brad and Jill asked the usher to tell them to be quiet.
Yolanda thinks she's had enough of festivals for a while.
So the next day Frank challenged Ron again.
During this drought the water levels of a lake went down.
Gavin went to get a new vape.
Cory Evans found a rat in his bathroom cupboard.
But then he got a letter from his insurance policy.
It caused a bad accident.
Tom filled out a report and asked for help.
The sheriff saw and fined me.
While she was there, she noticed a girl being cruel to her brother.
Tim got into even more trouble.
The insurance money was enough to buy a brand new car.
When the kids got there no one was there.
The tiger paced back and forth, and admired the small boy.
Kira wanted a son, but she and her husband were barren.
Petra saw something scurry across her floor.
I stayed up all night and only slept for 30 minutes.
Jeff's stand-up was actually very impressive and he enjoyed himself!
I could not find a job.
In the basement he found old jars of playdough.
The building was already confirmed.
His family accepted the challenge.
He decided a cat would be best for his lifestyle.
The clerk tells him how to get to his destination.
Luckily, she found them near one of the games.
She then gave it to her friend.
Erin opened the box of candy the family had received for Christmas.
He could feel all his body's strength behind it.
She asked Nell to draw an alphabet made up of animals.
The family spent the weekend at the hotel and had a great time.
Maria agreed to the date, and they had a lovely time at the beach.
Shelly was bored with her brown hair.
He saw no one was bidding on it.
He just landed his first job in a kitchen.
At school the next day, many girls were checking out Natty's new look.
When the books were due, Ed refused to return it.
He seemed cold even though he was under blankets.
James had to go home disappointed.
Tim wasn't seriously hurt but learned a lesson.
One day, he invited his friend to have a sleep over.
Her mom was waiting for her with an angry face.
Gary was so excited to be riding the roller coaster at the carnival.
The quarterback spotted an open receiver far down the field.
Bill moved to Arizona and bought his first stucco house.
He played well in practise and impressed the coaches.
Thom wanted to become the champion of the local beatbox contest.
I later learned the man was a very famous Tibetan Monk.
So he looked all over the house for his cousin.
Kayla was only 13 but she wanted a pierced lip so badly.
Jason had always wanted to be rich and happy.
Allie cut her hand.
His wife decided to make some gravy.
But then she saw a portable one near her.
Tuesday's night my husband and I watch a movie together.
Lanie makes friends at band camp and makes plans to return next summer
Arthur and his wife Diana were watching the news.
Suddenly, the screen went black.
Suddenly, the screen went black.
He put his clothes in the dryer.
She knew it when she was six and she knew it now.
He insulted a large man with a firearm.
When Katie checked her checking account, she had overdrawn it.
I went swimming and enjoyed myself.
The housing crisis had created low prices.
Two friends, Katie and Jon decided to rent an apartment together.
Ned was hiking one day.
Jodie was never able to whistle.
Ron felt very sick for days after that.
Dan went to his son's school.
Lisa left and went back home.
I was cleaning out my garage.
I need bookmarks when I read.
When looking through some photo albums she noticed some old pictures.
The owner of a bowling alley heard a nasty rumor about an employee.
Amy was upset to have failed the assignment.
He loved his old furniture but has had it many years.
It advertised for a free slushie.
John and Jane went out to dinner.
The mailman came to the door and dropped off the package.
He went on his trip.
They left together and had lunch not far from the taqueria.
The neighbors have called the police three times now.
He can't even sit still for two minutes.
She decided she would put it on in just one week.
They hiked every summer.
I went to the supermarket with my mom.
I could never figure out how to use it right.
But by the water, he felt a cold breeze despite the sun.
Gary got a new idea.
There were no blueberries left in the freezer!
When she got there she quickly realized that there was tension.
Betsy knew she aced it.
I play my glockenspiel every day.
Beth loved to play with her kitten.
Then, he realized that he could not actually find it.
The guide said it was built in the 1800s.
He goes out into the ocean.
I ate almost too much.
It turned out the children in the house were allergic.
Everyone was laughing at Jack today.
Then, he bought the supplies and began building.
I went to the thrift shop and looked all around.
He could not find any good job for him.
He had the movie analyzed and the FPS was to high.
He was cautious at first, but then loosened up.
But his kids had moved to Ohio with their mom.
He asked her to a fancy restaurant for her birthday.
Kate was worried she would miss the play.
On the day of the plan a lot of us forgot.
He practiced everyday after school.
They wanted to see a new horror movie.
She believes it is because of the birds.
But they also had earbuds which she needed terribly.
But when Nic's hard work paid off with a big raise, she was happy.
Justin wanted a new look.
This all paid off.
He threw his shoe at them.
Alas, he lived in America so he couldn't see the band live.
When I was a child I went to church.
To Mac's surprise, Jessie agreed to a date.
Lydia was cooking a meal for her husband.
Suddenly George's brakes had failed.
He still sent the card anyway.
He left the following weekday.
It was far too sour and Suzy never wanted coffee again.
She goes online and checks some related forums.
I looked everywhere for them.
She quickly picked out a nice black dress for the dinner.
My kids encouraged me to go.
He wore them to work.
Zoe failed her test.
Her experience of the jungle was nothing like she expected.
Rita lived in a trailer with her hillbilly boyfriend.
But he didn't know which ones they were.
John bought advanced tickets to a romantic comedy.
Jim left the shoe in anger.
I prefer the sweeter wines and she prefers ones a bit more dry.
She wasn't feeling well so I brought it to her house.
Everything was moving so fast.
I was very excited to meet my new teacher.
The cat, named Kitty, will stay at Martha's apartment.
Billy wanted a guitar that was on display at the music shop.
At first he is embarrassed to distribute flyers in public.
Dan felt that his life was in complete stagnation.
Andy looked all over for the piggy bank, but could not find it.
We could see the rings around it.
Yessica went to see a movie by herself.
He wanted to be a infielder.
Mary completely forgot about her story.
One day she got sick and had to miss a semester.
He rushed to get ready and ran out the door.
The first 2 days Jane felt better than she had in years.
She lost the money, but had a good time.
Now it was New Years and Shana expected a quiet night at home.
He narrowed it down to two flavors.
I know this was a good career choice for me.
One day she was invited to attend the City Taggers' Meeting!
She doubted Val's sincerity expecting some sort of trip.
Sadie knew monster were not real.
It kept the frizz at bay.
Anna went for ice cream.
Sam needed to get the gauge fixed.
They looked perfect.
After looking at the toppings, there were several that we picked.
On one of these trips Bob saw some glassware that matched what he had.
She saw her little girl sleeping naked.
Yet, she left after she looked at the toilet.
Today, Ron felt it was extra busy.
David fails and receives no tip.
His dad died of a heart attack.
I was outside watching a flock of young sparrows.
Her mom knew this, but still forgot one day.
We now keep them out of the puppy's reach.
It's expensive but it's fun to treat myself.
Therefore, Jeff had to wait for his parents to pay the bill.
Lucy and Lisa were playing at Lisa's house.
She wasn't expecting it.
Sparky loved Gameboy very much.
I went outside and read for an hour on the bench.
I pushed the lawnmower around the yard for an hour.
Jerry paid his plumber $100 for his work.
Tom was watching television one day.
Emily put hotels on all of the properties she could.
He looked up at the Christ.
Last night I dreamed about my old friends from church.
Tara found a good home for the kitten by giving it to her mother.
The sound of her own snoring woke her up.
The wave pool was too crowded to enjoy the swells.
Tom wanted to remember his dreams better.
When they see the finished book they are both very proud.
I was hiking at a campground.
Jen was sitting in her living room.
The next evening the volunteer met her friend for coffee.
Dan's brother Rob had chosen a different cereal than he had.
Larry went home cold and disappointed.
The principal tells everyone Brenda had passed away.
The secretary liked them.
In the morning I learned there was a tornado nearby!
Emma's teacher was very nice and helped her feel more comfortable.
The next morning they read that someone had sabotaged the sculptures.
She enjoyed being the center of everyone's attention.
You could see all the lighting bolts.
Megan was sleeping away from home for the first time.
They decided to go to a local classical music concert.
He had a load of dirt from digging.
Jake spends the entire weekend in the library studying.
Charles called his mom but her number had changed.
It was so severe that she went to the doctor.
The boy sat at the table.
Dave was running late.
A virus had taken over my system.
Jake went on a diet to lose weight.
He immediately left the restaurant.
They raced, and Stephanie easily won.
Tom couldn't afford to fix it.
Tasha works at a restaurant.
An archeologist left home for a journey to south america.
I was super excited to stay near Central Park.
Finally he realized he was very hungry.
It was pretty easy to play.
She was anticipating meeting a lot of nice people, especially guys.
It put out the fire!
Her most difficult question was if she preferred fame or fortune.
The labs were difficult to do.
Janet had gotten a new job.
In his culture divorce was considered very taboo.
Tim had to wait until payday to do it.
She waited anxiously as her grandpa sat in the car for 10 minutes.
I finally caught it and brought it to the local animal rescue.
Luckily the city was able to contain it.
But Dina went for the dog.
One day Jim left his house to go shopping and slipped on some ice.
He was excited to put his birthday money in it.
She happily agreed, and Hunter was ecstatic he faced his fears.
I'm still looking for replacement parts online.
Joe knew his mom wanted to work out.
She finally found it after hours of shopping.
He logged on his laptop to access several documents.
One night, she snuck out to see her boyfriend.
The couple had their nursery ready when Terry went into labor.
He hopped out of bed and ran downstairs.
To his joy and shock, Max smilingly accepted his offer!
Dil's theatre troupe was performing Shakespeare plays outdoors.
His teacher agreed to regrade his test.
Ben went to the printing station today.
He learned about toast sandwiches online.
They sat on the front row.
Her cat scratched her right in the leg.
Mike went to see a campus counselor about this.
He found his seat and grew excited, anticipating the opening kick off.
Rebecca couldn't believe her dream job found her.
He found a Native Alaskan inside.
His dog rushed in through the door with an envelope in his mouth.
It looked like it was meant for a hallway.
Ronald wanted to learn how to surf.
He rang me up and I paid for my goods.
At night he heard loud meowing.
But Jane lives in Michigan.
To her delight, Maddie received a solid A grade.
Tom felt like he knew enough.
I tried putting ice on them.
Tory was lost in the middle of nowhere.
B picked up the younger kid and the other stayed in after school care.
One morning, her coffee machine broke down before she made any.
It was beautiful and the whole family enjoyed it.
Her granddaughter was always excited to have something knit for her.
Charles worked there faithfully for 6 months.
She knew her dress would impress everyone.
Then she paid for her groceries.
He did the top shelves and I did the bottom shelves.
She didn't like going by herself.
His friends suggested bicycling.
She heard the baby start to cry.
Trudy was fascinated by the interesting markets there.
All the sudden she got full.
The girls became fast friends.
She invited all of her friends over to have a trampoline party.
So many wanted headphones.
The children were so excited to go to a new country.
They went home to tell their friends about all the squirrels they saw.
Barry went to the sideshow with his parents.
They came that day and sprayed all around his apartment.
Shar finished the game in first place and looked at her brother.
Her latest boyfriend seemed a good catch and they lived together.
He came over and said hello.
He could not go to school.
Ted decided to work from home.
Tom fired his rifle into the crowd of protesters.
Tom was going cave diving.
Steve lived in a small town.
Jenny looked forward to her weekly library trips with her mother.
I was happy that my grade reflected my hard work.
Tim was able to find the trail back.
The first animal she saw was a little black and white puppy.
Some of the weeds died.
He disliked useless things and he viewed trash as useless.
She pulled it out of her purse.
Someone completely different received them.
The sun came up.
She could not believe that happened.
Tina went to the mall.
Millie waited to hear the sound of the ice cream truck driving by.
Their beady little eyes creeped her out.
Susie went to the doctors.
He gave the hamburger back and walked away.
She launched it towards Jeff.
Jill calls the police to report her issue.
One night, Tammy heard her little brother David crying.
Vince had to clean up the mess.
One day, scientists discovered a baby gorilla.
Jim felt guilty and sped away from the old man.
I looked for her everywhere in the house.
They looked great!
Kim and Beth wanted to see SNL while in NYC.
I went to Tulsa with a friend I met online.
He lost fifteen pounds in the first two weeks.
She went to the kiosk and found a great new film.
Neil had just arrived in Amsterdam.
Seth has a friend who invites him to be his best man to a wedding.
Maria heard there was a public transport delay on the TTC.
On the side of the road, Phil found the running man.
One the table she noticed an ad for a spa.
I tried to run away.
Officer Jones saw such a man walk past him.
He helped many charities.
We waited for the coffee for ten minutes.
She and Ed looked around and found a medium sized stone on the street.
The next day Sandy received her class schedule.
She searched online but couldn't find it at all.
They learned an inspirational pop song from the 1990s.
Her dad found out Cindy took the money.
He sat down on the couch, dejected.
He just sat at the field to find someone else to play with.
Jeff landed a lucky toss and won His girlfriend the teddy bear.
And he dreamed he was late for school.
I've been dreading this appointment for more than a week.
Sasha couldn't see much of the concert.
I came in from the cold last night.
Jennifer felt comfortable with the nice babysitter!
Joe believed his son.
And Ron expected him to pay the money back.
He put in an afford and went home in a new car.
After a while many people started getting upset with him.
I remember the airbag deploying.
I think it tastes better with the slightly roasted flavor.
He arrived a few hours later.
I hope that never happens again.
Tom found a girlfriend.
I went to the grocery store.
That night she dreamed of the burrito.
Joan had to put a night light next to the dog's stool.
He always found interesting shells.
On test day, he was shaking and sweating bullets.
My room was dark so I couldn't see a thing.
Darlene put the new strings on her guitar and continued playing.
They wanted to know my range.
She knew she had to finish a project for work though.
The principal called her to his office to discuss the tape.
That night he had a lot of trouble sleeping and he was up late.
When they got to the pool, Leah jumped right in.
They told her she would be fine.
She had been sleeping on the park bench for the past month.
He has been working all day long.
He waited in line for 10 minutes.
The Renose family loved to go on vacation every year.
This event put Molly in a bad mood the whole rest of the night.
Harold had always hated fruits and vegetables.
He worked at a coffee shop for 40 hours a week.
One day it was lost.
She was more than pleased to find this out.
She took a bite of the food.
Police were examining the crime scene.
Last Friday, I was invited to a happy hour.
Afterwards, he no longer feels hungry.
Karen enjoyed shopping.
Charles and his wife were going to have a baby.
Denis was feeling sick.
Katie wanted a new dress.
Amy liked a boy in her class who had blond hair and blue eyes.
When we went to the movies last night it was a disaster.
They still snapped the picture, and kept it to this day.
The game tonight came down to the last shot.
His parents felt bad and week later bought him another pair.
She watches it daily and got really upset that she missed it.
He never would try it.
She picked out colors.
He didn't expect to but he had an affinity for it.
Amber was playing hide and seek with her friends.
We started watching it and found it interesting.
He had dreamed of going as a young boy.
Tom loved making music on his spare time.
Megan was so happy and she was then able to go to bed.
He tried to act happy as he went upstairs to bed that night.
The next day at school, she received dozens of compliments!
He left the journal in the bathroom because it was good reading.
An older man put on my spare tire.
Charlie realized that he enjoyed his friends more than the gym.
People walked by and thought he was a performance artist.
Jose was enjoying watching a television show on his phone.
Avi was doing a science fair project on global warming.
At the museum he saw paintings and sculptures.
Lenny ignored their warnings and went anyway.
She had a choice of five cereals waiting for her.
Her grandma packed a box of pickle jars for Nora's mom to take home.
He went to go see the movie opening night.
She had forgotten her shopping list!
Alex found a bird's nest in his front yard one day.
He peaked over his shoulder to copy his neighbors test.
Her grandma soothed her fears, and sent her back out to feed them.
One day he tried throwing up after eating.
He was going to attend his first summer camp!
Bob went to the gas station to fill his car.
Harvey hadn't been feeling well.
Allie really wanted to try some new tea.
We found a car wash that was automatic.
It was the pony she always wanted.
Eventually, Kasey was so mad that she left the house.
Ana was doubtful, but she followed the instructions.
He put up an ad online.
Jane witnessed a house fire.
Janice notices that this habit makes her feel less lonely.
Tim wanted a new area rug.
She turned the grill on and waited for it to heat up.
The only lane available to check out had people in it.
She realized that she had left a big streak in her foundation.
James did not know any answers and failed.
Dava arrived at the airport and checked her luggage.
He enjoys a long nap.
She cried when she finally saw the monkey up close.
She hadn't known how far she was from home!
August was running around the house, chasing his brother.
Finally, she could see much better.
Finally I went online and found a promising one.
When they realized who it was, they were so annoyed.
Worried that something bad had happened Rachel phoned him.
At the wedding security spotted him.
Jimmy was using the restroom in his house one afternoon.
She researched what skills the position required.
She found him to be very attractive and fun to be around, too.
One day his mom sat down with him to help with some math problems.
The family had just moved to a new house.
I never knew what a 401k was until yesterday.
Rudy was relieved that his dad was now in a safer, more secure place.
Jed stumbled into a sacred Native American gathering.
Hanna lost control of the car and spun into a ditch.
Jim saw someone in the front he knew.
He acted on it, and eventually unearthed decades of wrongdoing.
Lori went out shopping.
Sadie had just had her pregnancy glucose test done.
He is glad that he no longer feels thirsty.
This year Lisa wanted to dress up as a princess.
The diner at the local highway intersection will soon close for good.
Amy needed a bouquet of flowers for her mom's birthday.
Tim really hated it at first.
I needed some caffeine to help stay awake.
I found someone in my town who was re homing their hedgehog.
The girl plummeted seventy floors to her death.
Her boss noticed this and asked to speak with her.
The man went across the street to find another bathroom.
Seeing her grandmother's blue earrings on the big day was emotional.
She heard tiny cries from the alley.
They decided to make a movie.
Her parents knew this and had a plan.
He is excited to see his wife.
An inspection found her pipes were mixed and the water was warm.
I tried my luck at a nearby shopping center.
The nights were getting longer.
But, suddenly and quietly, Larry died.
She needed a lot of new clothes.
On this rainy Sunday Hank lost control of his car on a bend.
Fariah was walking to school.
Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time.
Once she was tired we went back home.
I was checked out fairly fast!
She made all of the boxes with the numbers.
The night before, he had not been able to sleep.
She put up a sticker board in the bathroom.
My friend from China laughed at my attempt.
Armed with her supplies, she walked in and chose a seat.
Suzy knew dinnertime was close.
Will heard back from them because they loved his ideas.
So Joe put his car on craigslist.
But he struggled to concentrate.
She stayed at the hotel and never went back to the house.
She went to school well prepared despite her procrastination.
Ted eventually found his keys in his coat pocket.
After about 20 minutes she was finally sitting on Santa's lap.
He was so happy when he made it!
Lily was surprised but said yes.
By the time the troop arrived at camp, Clara was covered in red spots.
David and Pam went to a coffee shop.
There was 3 seconds left, they were down by 2.
She went back home and ordered some off amazon with 24 hour shipping.
He was having trouble assembling the parts.
The friend beat Tim every time they played.
Together they joined a local team.
The next thing I knew we had landed in Tokyo.
There she found the perfect outfit.
Adam found out he and his wife were having a baby.
Along the way he saw a beautiful woman, and invited her for drinks.
Suddenly, he saw a crow.
She makes sure to get them all done.
Alex began to notice something wrong with his mother.
Kia saw a huge spider in her bathroom.
We went to a restaurant in Branson.
I saw him again when I was older.
Tom loved the contacts and his perfect vision.
He had so much fun he forgot to clean the yard after that.
He agreed that it looked better that way.
He found some rotten vegetables.
Their plastic water toys began blowing away.
Annie felt better.
Her headphones were sitting at a parking lot 100 miles behind them.
He stunk up my house for three days in a row!
But he learned about problems in other parts of the world.
She found everything she needed in less than an hour.
The woman felt sick.
My sister walked towards my mom.
Chip really liked Jenna.
Cindy had wanted one for so long.
Everything was normal until I heard an unpleasant noise.
I had expected soda, but drank the water by mistake.
Gus lived in the city and had never seen a firefly.
Guillermo and Claudia went camping.
Terrance is playing ball.
Sally hated high school.
The website asked him for a genre.
Tom was pleased he was able to remember his dreams better.
She went into his closet to get another sweater to size it to.
She almost left.
Everyone thought it was funny.
Sue ended up staying home.
One day Amy as cleaning out her inbox.
He was always looking for the next big wave.
He waited in the waiting room.
The crew is winding up their summer.
We all went to Mexico for a whole week.
After he bought the house, he discovered that the foundation was bad.
Charles wanted Maria in a sexual way.
She had no idea how to raise a boy without a man to help!
Fernando was known for his nickname, shorty.
He liked going to the city to see the large buildings.
Tom finally decided to get a new one because of it.
But Myron was jealous, and was reluctant to see his new sister.
Sometimes he used the gas truck to fill up his personal car.
Then he remembered the sunscreen.
Ben spent two weeks making mud bricks and shingles.
Sandy likes to go to the beach.
I finally picked up, and told her I was sick of the guilt trips.
One day they decided to take the long way home.
One day, Billy saw a magician at a birthday party.
We went out to dinner and had a good time.
I saw a giant cockroach on the wall of my apartment.
While walking they discovered they had the same teacher.
She constantly would look up pictures of them.
He looked inside the robot.
Now that he was dead, Eric began thinking a lot about him.
Tom needed some extra money.
I ordered three things.
Jill was afraid of the dark and wanted to fix it.
I got an x-ray.
Dan loves his new socks.
His wife saw the list.
A man bumped into him while exiting.
Jan's mom cooked her eggs every morning.
The dog liked its new dog house.
Billy followed the priest into his office.
One day, her phone burst into flames.
She decided to do some research and get on a train.
Kate left after the girl left.
Bertha began to balance her time between reading and other things.
She left a bruise!
However, the tree eventually died.
Gina went into her grandpa's room.
He felt creeped out.
He found though that he was not good at it.
Nikki wanted to make pizza at home.
One day two women sat on the bench waiting for the bus.
I then felt like exercising.
Ray could not wait to have his feet in the sands of Hollywood Beach.
Jake and Dan saw a Power Wheels commercial on TV.
Everyone at work was sad to see him leave.
A hunter was watching it.
He saw a beautiful toucan in the trees.
Then she went to Old Sturbridge Village.
He had no kitty to play with.
Frank hated taking his medicine.
It wasn't long before Jason learned what that meant.
There was fur missing on the rabbit's neck.
Gloria saw some bread inside the store, priced the same as candy.
They were going to a baseball game!
She went looking for sore throat remedies.
Andrew finally received his paycheck.
The next day the boss called him into his office and scolded Oscar.
Marcia's friend Mandy invited her to study math together.
Jim thought he was good with rhyming.
Then Bobby spotted the grille of his dad's car.
John's classmate made peanut butter cookies.
Megan presented her creative work.
She and her husband relaxed and ate great food.
Alex slumped her way into the courtroom.
I find dog hair everywhere it seems.
She begins looking for high quality bikes that are not too expensive.
But when he bought a burger from the food truck, he was surprised.
It started to get dark quickly.
Marlene was able to get new furniture without leaving the house.
Jake walked along the barbed wire fence.
My wife was waiting for the elevator today.
He was very happy that he had visited somewhere warm.
He was happy to see the performance of his favorite actor.
Inside, he found $1,000.
You could see the lightning strike on the river.
They saw a movie.
She saw my daughter, who is pregnant.
Larry deeply regretted driving so fast.
There was so much water that eventually you couldn't see a town.
He was so good he received a full ride scholarship for music.
On day 3 she see's her friends enjoying her favorite chip.
When he had to leave fast this morning, they weren't there.
She found a pair of Mickey Mouse shoes there.
She figured she would fail.
When it was time for bed, they couldn't find the puppy anywhere.
Justin received a week's worth of detention.
One day, she saw a trail of cracker crumbs across a counter.
The broker put all the money in a risky stock.
He had never felt such cold weather and seen such snow.
Fran bought tennis equipment and learned how to play.
Fred said he couldn't trust the weather anymore.
Jill remembered it forever even though it was just a dream.
His mom said they were not for him.
She kept meticulous care of the animals inside of it.
The flood damage was never predicted.
My wife and I went out to the beach on the first day of our vacation.
He decided to not listen and went into the woods.
We agreed that we'd go on a date again.
When lunch was over Ali's friend June congratulated Ali.
When Maria arrived, everyone jumped out to surprise her.
His girlfriend snored.
Now all his friends have tablets and watch Netflix on them.
A single desk lamp sat in the middle of the shed.
Seconds later he runs out holding a woman.
Sadly, she lost touch with him when she went broke.
I was annoyed.
The new show was great enough to keep her buying.
Bobby put together a park cleanup event.
Neil hadn't even known it was a separate country!
He dreamed of one day owning his own shop.
It became obvious that it wouldn't fit right.
Once he couldn't see the island anymore he felt free.
Together they record a number of different birds in the area.
I saw a homeless man.
Kurt invented a new dance move.
There, in a pile of dust, was her missing diamond earring!
She didn't have time to read the library book.
Laura found a jar of candy in her mom's kitchen.
Eduardo steps off the plane to hug his family.
His co-workers and boss seemed to like him.
My daughter just found out S has a gun.
One day a fence was put up around one of the churches.
Carly and her family were moving across the country.
One day he decided to live up to his word and found his own school.
Lacey opened the door and saw nothing but a box.
Her parents told her they could not afford it.
She was really happy to see me.
He knew he needed to make a lot of changes.
However, the musicians announce that their fiddle player did not come.
The goal was to read one book a day, but the books were short.
Philip waited for hours, but he never heard from his friend again.
The only issue was one carpet stain that wouldn't come out.
Rita vowed to never go storm chasing again.
Tom found an old case of cookies.
He stayed in politics ever since.
The travel agent advised her against taking the bus from Kenya.
Don's parents wanted her to be a doctor.
Jim was getting ready to go to work.
John and Danny had to push the car to a gas station.
Alicia was so bummed and had to look elsewhere.
Charlotte wanted to stay with her Aunt Rachel so bad.
I was embarrassed and went on a diet.
He threw it out just in case it was a fire hazard.
She was afraid the water was too cold to enjoy.
I went to a garage sale.
Sarah was traveling on vacation.
Kate needed a quiet place to read and draw in peace.
David's mom told them not to jump on the beds.
He got a few clients that needed his service.
The couple seemed pleased with her.
But he knew his neighbor wanted one too.
She found a box of VHS tapes.
The hair is starting to get in her way.
She wanted to be more savvy.
He would sit by his creepy bed.
And he proudly signed his signature on all of his school work.
He's planning on keeping this job for awhile.
Lita found one that she felt comfortable using.
Bill was looking forward to his paid time off vacation.
Danielle never went into another haunted house again.
He did not know what number that was.
Kim had an online diary that she wrote in daily.
Ellie shined on stage and did a fantastic job,the audience cheered!
Sara arrived to work at Macy's and put her coat in the back room.
He raised a foot off the ground and took a shot.
She had gone to eat at her mother's house.
I almost lost my friend one day.
He lost his voice from all of the growling.
Dan thought it was cool that she owned a motorcycle.
We enjoyed this meal very much.
When i saw him i noticed he is my neighbor and childhood friend.
I felt very lonely without her around.
She scolded him and hit him.
I went to the candy store yesterday.
He really wanted to impress a girl there.
Lisa forgot to read her textbook for History class one day.
When we go to Disney we always watch the Electrical Parade.
My mom decided to find ingredients and make us one!
Missy wanted puppies to sell.
Penelope wanted to have a party.
Steven's boat sank.
Dominic spotted a beautiful butterfly.
He was going through a midlife crisis.
She wanted to look very beautiful.
Dan immediately noticed the figurine to be Hulk Hogan.
I've always wanted a big pick up truck.
He was upset that he couldn't find it.
The owner saw that they needed help and gave them some free food.
He paid for her lunch!
He measured its length.
Maya wrapped the bird up in her shirt and took it home.
However her nerves calmed when she met her.
I sat in the chair and was trembling.
Joe had missed football practice for a week due to a concussion.
Hanna wanted a new pair of shoes.
His son loved the new bike.
She made it to the boardwalk and had a great time.
I watched him practice harder and harder every day.
In the middle of a deserted neighborhood sat a single stop sign.
One day her niece and nephew joined her.
I was sitting in my chair.
Brandon tried everything but he couldn't solve the math problem.
Unfortunately the dog wound up dragging Tom around.
At the altar, I leaned in to kiss my bride!
Tom's business suffered greatly.
David wanted to be a great hunter.
His professor agreed to accept his assignments with a late penalty.
We clicked right away.
Jane decided to talk to the mother of the Bully.
One day she got into an accident on the way.
He watched some of the protests on the television.
He puts on his running shoes and walks over to the park.
Maria looked at restaurant reviews on Yelp.
He looked around and saw everyone else had their hand's down.
On day four, we finally arrived in Colorado.
Donald saw Mary crying in the park.
He had worn them all through eighth grade.
I went fishing with my dad one day.
In the bathroom she tried to repair the damage.
She wanted to see who friended her husband.
In the end, we just planted it in the back yard.
Hattie moved into the new place but was very upset about it.
Chad was embarrassed and ran out as fast as he could.
Everyone thought it was delicious and thanked Diana.
She attached wires and switches to make her modifications permanent.
Finally, it was just like she wanted it.
But he has no more room to keep it at his house.
They didn't like Ken at all.
He stopped at a gas station and bought a chocolate bar.
We stayed so long watching the kids were a bit late.
I wanted blue eyes, like pretty girls had.
He had a headache and felt nauseous.
Jack loves birdwatching.
On weekend he took me to a Luau.
The fan left the encounter feeling happy.
Back at the party, Ruth saw Jan and her husband.
He knew his singing voice wasn't great.
She wondered if the new stepmom would be kind to her.
But she hadn't seen him in the year since he quit that job.
But, the ladder buckled under itself and collapsed.
He hadn't known her that well, and his reaction seemed extreme.
She gave it her best effort.
Ben paid for the beer and took it in a bag from the register.
Dara and jess went out on a date.
Wayne realized he left his wallet at home.
Sam wanted to learn a second language.
They stayed in a nice cabin by the water.
Sam was learning jQuery.
She looked online for a substitute.
He went to a nearby school to practice.
When I sat down, an attractive woman was sitting in the easy chair.
He invited a bunch of people to the lake.
I felt a tug at my line, and knew I had something big.
When he got on stage, he felt life inside of him.
Their guests arrived at the house.
She had to quit writing for a steady 9-5 job.
Phoebe wants to have a baby.
I only felt out of place for a day.
Tina realized she was allergic to it.
He was eventually rescued after 40 days at sea.
Guillermo saw Francisco's money.
Marsha saw the icing on his shirt and scolded him.
Now, Mary and Olivia are more prepared when they go on hikes.
They had an amazing time and wouldn't soon forget snorkeling.
When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing.
Charles was finally able to leave for work.
He went cold turkey.
Vivi loves pasta.
An Uber driver had trouble finding our home last week.
He found plenty near the lake next to his house.
The girls wanted their toys back.
Yul cut some paper to fit his box.
She went to the store and looked around.
He could eat more than anyone in his family.
He likes to try every type of hot peppers.
He walked over to the beach and waited.
He kept the tags on it.
Tom wanted a usb charger.
She put the fruit, ice and yogurt in a blender.
This morning I started my day full energy.
Taigen went to daycare.
She knew the smart class was the right place for her!
I had to drive to the store to get paper.
He still looked like a tourist.
The food in the country wasn't agreeing with her.
He gassed the bees to put them to sleep.
She doesn't go fishing with Arnold anymore.
Maria heated up a pan and cracked the eggs into it.
She invited all her friends.
She posted on the company's website about her experience.
After having a discussion they still could not agree.
Jane could not read her notes in the lighting and became teary.
We put the tree house up in a big tree in our backyard.
John and Mary wanted to have a balloon party.
He looked everywhere in his neighborhood but could not find him.
They served popcorn and soda, and had the game on a big screen tv.
I adopted her and have had her for eight Years now.
My brother and I sifted through the rocks looking for ones we liked.
I went to a friend's house.
She was playing with it by the aquarium.
I took my son to Branson.
Then David realized it was plastic.
He put them on a fire.
Ultimately they decided to leave together.
Jim wanted to go home for the holidays.
The crate was gone.
As soon as he dozed off, he awoke to ten carts missing.
She knew it was bad for her.
Rufus no longer wants to live in a small apartment.
Allie was horrified.
Allie was horrified.
We left for the theater later than we had originally planned.
The site paid three dollars and fifty cents.
Aria was suffering a severe hangover!
So she decided to have cereal for breakfast instead of pancakes.
Jan promised to eat healthy food the rest of the day.
After high school they went their separate ways.
Gina and her friend sat on the swings during recess.
He looked online and found a training regimen.
My wife went to a ballgame on Monday.
Jess and her boyfriend both lived in Maryland.
Her friend put ice on her lip and heated the needle.
Then, he went to a trade school to learn more.
He put on the first shirt he saw to go to work.
The coach let Rudy on the team and made him captain.
No one gave him any money for soap.
Then one day jill met a handsome man and they are now dating.
After checking everything, I went for a ride.
He went up a hill.
Darren was in class, waiting for the end of the day.
Jimmy wanted a pet dog.
One day I found a lot of free time and asked my mom to go.
She peeked inside and saw soot stains and fire damage.
Mary went for a walk.
She went to the gun range and took lessons.
Airline rates were abnormally high and he couldn't afford it.
Jack urgently needed his medication.
Once there he kept going to the bathroom.
His body got extremely sore after the workout.
She was afraid of how she looked in the mirror.
Soon Pia and her boyfriend were enjoying pizza every weekend!
My husband Called me, telling me our child was very sick.
The front door was open, and their grandma was standing on the porch.
Greg picked up his friend.
But the maple tree was rotted from disease.
Andy could not wait to play Candyland with his daughter.
He looked all day but had no luck, so he put up signs.
I traveled to the Gulf Coast of Florida in March 2015.
His boss wouldn't let him have the day off without a replacement.
The dog looked at him with her big brown eyes, and he knew she was his
He thought it was difficult.
So, I decided to join a soccer club.
Now Timmy knows there is no such thing as a flea circus.
He decides to become a dog walker.
Her mom insisted on drug testing her.
The dress was a hit and Rita received many orders for custom clothes.
Bianca likes to teach art to children.
Teo did not like this and he put his ears back.
I went over and sat with her.
Cain was going across the monkey bars.
Elle put her new sweater in her laundry basket.
Manny loved a band that was coming into town last weekend.
When he drove it home, it started to make weird noises.
She left it for a brief moment, in order to look at the snacks.
After a while she went home because she was hungry.
She hugged her dog and felt a lot safer through the storm.
When he went back to his car he found a parking ticket.
Nervous, he waited in the back to hear his result.
They couldn't wait to see the different acts.
I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin.
They wanted to skip school and watch a movie.
They both liked this girl, helen.
Ashley finally picked out the perfect dress to wow everyone.
Chris went to the nearest pet store.
Chad forgot to learn how to ride the bike.
Furthermore, he rarely put in effort unless the team was winning.
The children learned a lot about stars and planets.
We sell the cattle for money.
She saw that her toddler had emptied out an entire pack of baby wipes.
He hated the sight of paper.
He was very confused by the class and left early.
I decided to order a pizza.
But the team was nothing like the wrestling he saw on TV!
Amy waited anxiously every day for a reply.
The bird realized this was his only chance to escape.
My family went to go visit my grandmother during the holidays.
Melinda wanted to be a nurse in her future.
Jacob wanted to be a Navy Seal.
After that Anthony learned the meaning of sharing.
It was much dimmer, but Jane accepted it.
They waited for the perfect chance.
He struggled to concentrate for the rest of the afternoon.
Jim went up for lunch.
I waited on hold for a long time.
The substitute stated that the test would occur in two weeks.
They won the game when Red scored the winning touchdown!
She went inside, leaving the phone.
Sue had recently gotten a new promotion at work.
Joe snatched away from Peggy and bit the stalker on his leg.
He looked up last minute costumes.
Marshall wanted to revamp his cabin in the woods.
The soda spilled on the seat and the floor.
The cat's name is Binx and he usually lets the baby play rough.
They do no let Simon have a day off.
I saw something out of the corner of my eye scurry past me.
I made grilled cheese sandwiches for supper.
Sarah always loved tater-tots.
Julia always worried about germs.
On a clear night, she would bring her telescope on a high hill.
Miguel tried to contain his nerves throughout his performance.
When I was leaving a friends house I saw a nice fan by the dumpster.
Alice believes the bad publicity now.
Danny lived in a trailer with his kids.
Paul didn't want to go to school today.
He was angry but understood.
They invited me to their house.
His birthday wish was to get a pet hamster.
She put them together herself.
The girl agreed to the date.
I read over the driving manual for my state countless times.
Fluffy meowed until the family woke up.
Ted put a video camera by the alarm.
Earl agreed and they let the fish go back in the water together.
Mario worked at macy's.
Ian feels very proud.
Luana was watching TV.
Once the tide was out, I saw something shiny in the muddy bottoms.
She came over.
He felt something move!
The advertiser sent an advertisement to the address.
In addition, he tried to drive around her when she got out of the bus.
The hurricane passed overhead violently tearing into his house.
He had dreamed of this moment since he was a child.
A girl named Jamie was hungry.
Molly couldn't sleep.
I told her to get a meatball sub.
She told him that it was not how it worked.
She tried to do it herself.
He did not fully research the idea before he jumped into it.
She placed her head inside of it.
The man lost his friends.
The falls light up with all the colors of the rainbow.
The upscale shop had over 70 chairs and served celebrities.
He felt lucky at first, believing that he found a shortcut to work.
She enjoyed have two sets of parents.
Earl regretted his purchase.
She decided against getting the shot.
She sipped, then swigged, from the glass bottle.
She couldn't believe it.
She couldn't believe it.
He wanted to have lunch and talk.
Chris was struggling in English class.
Charles hated job hunting during the Christmas season.
Hayden wants to purchase an apple orchard.
However, he finds that he misses his paper bag.
Tori wanted to go home for the holidays.
When he got home he crashed.
However Gary had learned the company went in a different direction.
We finally got it perfected.
John went to the park at night to relax.
The Brown's ended up having to go to the car.
Max's nephews called to tell him thank you.
Then, he set the jug outside.
The bombs went off.
The shopper saw a homeless man shivering in the alleyway.
Jack liked hunting with his father.
All the fish died.
Oftentimes, she did better!
The house felt like a nice home to him.
All of her friends and family were going to arrive.
Samantha wanted to be the first person to go to college in her family.
Jenny is very happy she visited her sick grandmother.
The plan included eating Green Smoothies for breakfast and dinner.
He went to the car dealership.
He went with his friends.
Rhoda lost her job.
Tom needed money for bills.
He was going to be alone on the holiday.
I went to the store with twenty dollars.
She searched every aisle for pet items.
Her valuable things were all gone.
The only thing he could find were sardines.
We went to dinner last night.
I hope the system pays for itself within ten years.
Oscar and Frank accidentally broke their mother's favorite lamp.
Amy and her friends left the store.
WIthin a week, the vacuum had lost suction!
All the sudden though they waited three hours.
He saw a display of very unhealthy cookies.
My cousin brought me a burrito.
She was looking for Gina's brother Jay.
She had wondered all her life where her real dad was.
Natalie was wondering around at night.
My friends and I went to the salt plains.
I went to the local barnes & noble.
The phone screen was completely destroyed.
They put green hats and green shamrocks on the kids.
London had to take all her wet clothes to the laundromat.
John is making dinner tonight.
Amy needed a job.
He found the cat and barked at me.
He learned he was very sadly mistaken.
They felt funny to him when the nerves started tingling.
Paul was considered a hero by the store owner.
Dena had to call the Veterinarian.
It turned out to be indigestion.
The day of the mountain climb finally arrived.
Lola felt great and thought about trying a dance career.
So she went and bought one.
The people were waiting for their flight.
Frank ended up getting four cavities.
That night I heard a squeal.
To her delight, her test came out positive.
I liked soda.
Isobel was 2 years old and going to her first Halloween party!
Later that evening a neighbor called to say she found the cat.
Why did all these foreigners thing that Jess did not know anything?
One of the small children asked him what he was doing one day.
He decided to wait a little while before buying new shoes.
Unfortunately she couldn't afford all of the items immediately.
His relieved family realized quick-footed Blue needed a taller fence.
I found the answer unsatisfying, but accepted it.
Everyone made fun of us for our antics on stage.
I went home with a full case of that same Merlot.
Tom lost his job.
He stepped around the mower to open a chain link gate.
Sophie had to stay off of her leg for weeks.
Cornelia notices that her kitchen has become messy and disorganized.
She put it in a small fish bowl.
He knew he had to make it a big splash.
Eric went to the restaurant earlier and had a better experience.
Then his landlords saw it.
Of course David was the first one to successfully stand up.
She claimed to not care.
Tina really wanted a car.
He showed Derek the shower and it made him like baths.
They got all set up.
He needed help with his homework, because it was so hard.
He sat down.
It left fiberglass in his eye that is still there to this day.
My seven year old niece tried to play with me.
His parents always wanted him to be a doctor.
He had suffered a stroke while food shopping.
The wheels were all out of whack and it wobbled wildly.
Before she knew it, the vacation was over.
She found another pattern.
She cashed in over three hundred hours and got a nice bonus check.
The power went out due to a thunderstorm.
He put in a dollar.
Their mom regretted her decision.
A note was sent home to his parents.
She wanted a baby boy!
I really need my car.
Don't let kids steal anymore shopping carts.
Tom wanted to help his country.
Renae knew better than to trust another person yet.
John was working one afternoon.
Someone came along and took my hand.
Once at work he realized he forgot important work materials.
She sees all the amazing animals.
The plane started making funny noises.
Sam received a letter in the mail.
Afterwards, they went to the coffee shop.
He practiced everyday to get better.
She sat up in her bed trying to listen for the sound.
Billy was sweeping the floor at his job.
I noticed the plants near the door had a bunch of litter next to them.
She works upwards of 80 hours per week.
Gina went to CVS near her home.
The woman gave Trevor five dollars for his help.
They looked all over for her mother.
Ben got an art assignment.
My brother got a bow and arrow.
Last summer, the Johnson Family went to Disney World on vacation.
My husband found some kittens under our woodpile.
Charles heard about the free party line through a friend.
He apologized to the woman.
They both really loved to shop.
He was going to the daytona races in a month.
Suddenly he saw a little boy struggling in the deep end!
Charles lathered the dog and then he shook soap everywhere.
Ian crawled through the dog flap and remove the key from the lock.
Kevin wanted to learn how to skateboard.
Ernie will never run with scissors again.
Sam felt like everything was overpriced.
He said he didn't like licorice flavor.
She went to a daycare that blew her away!
Somehow his wife found out.
It was a painful condition, so Rupert went to his doctor.
While in bed, in the dark, I heard someone whispering.
I decided to add sugar and cinnamon to it.
He noticed there were yellow roses, his grandmother's favorite.
Winter had finally arrived in the sleepy town.
Jeff was failing Chemistry class his Junior year.
He heard footsteps beneath him.
I wanted chocolate ice cream.
Her mother agreed to keep the kitten for a few months.
Kirk had begged his mother for a puppy for years.
Joe likes beer so much that he learned how to make his own.
Willow really wanted to have fresh herbs to enjoy year-round.
Nadine was trying to brush her hair.
Tom walked through his home.
He called the company to complain.
Rose wanted to see New York City.
The car slid into a ditch.
I watched the Red Sox lose in the ninth, and was mad.
She noticed one grey hair.
I was happy I purchased it.
He really wanted to be a musician.
She dedicated the beautiful song to her father's memory.
Finally we found our way.
But that won't stop him from enjoying his craft.
In the summer, Matt decided to stay on campus but not take classes.
She had a large liquid-filled wart on her toe.
She kept everything she would need for labor in her car.
I glanced at my clock and saw it was three in the morning.
They were exploring along the shoreline.
Rocky went to court with his ex wife.
When I was a child, I liked cartoons.
The pizza shop sent there pizza out with another driver.
He could not figure out what was wrong.
Jody wanted to buy a house.
I'm pretty sure the guy hates me now, too.
Harry went back to the coffee shop three more times before going home.
The brown car was going too fast.
Carl went to a neighborhood restaurant for brunch.
Becky takes the kids to park to play.
Natalie was forced to stay in an unhappy marriage.
When he finally showed up, Jane exploded on him.
Now the branch was cracked and barely attached.
She was forced to eat some squash.
She tried to lift the stroller past the steps but almost couldn't.
He was thrilled when they offered him a job at the bank!
The manager agreed and Tom was happy.
Tom never had trouble paying bills again.
Tom found an old camera in the attic.
Tom was excited to see it.
She slept for eight hours.
Ian did a bunch of things in good faith that made the islanders angry.
He was now entitled to a paid week off.
After a few country songs she forgot all about the first one.
I found her on campus and tapped her on the shoulder.
Juan and Maria went to an amusement park one Saturday.
Ryan noticed that it was difficult to see on sunny days.
Tim lost the game to Sam.
She baked the cake and let it cool.
The wagon was decorated like a rocket ship.
I can see a pond across the street from my apartment.
The jury found Nas not guilty.
He got in trouble with the principal.
He wanted to put up lights.
She and her friends showed up to see it.
They made his cousin's home-cooked meals.
One night Jane and Mary went to a party.
He quickly brushed his teeth and put on his work attire.
Tim hit the ground hard and became paralyzed.
And when she had no more tears, she looked at old photographs.
It looked expensive but good.
Jones drank more Kool Aid.
Later that night, Arlene found the necklace in her bathroom.
He kept missing every shot throughout the game.
Suddenly a bear approached her camp site.
However, I forgot about it.
Doug accepted the invitation to the lake house.
They took their time, but Beth still slipped once and scraped her knee
He invited me to breakfast this morning and I finally learned it.
Everyone at the party looked at her strange.
Tom was out hiking.
Tom went on a date.
Luckily I was also trained as a lighting designer.
Heather cooked his favorite meal.
Kim realized she was over-watering\ them.
Susan was feeling hungry.
Nancy sat most of the season on the bench.
The person behind her paid for her groceries and Sarah was so grateful.
Kim walked out to her car and had a flat tire.
Bill learned of an open audition for extras in a nearby town.
I saw a bike on sale at my local store.
Dan had to really use the bathroom before boarding his flight.
The family was relieved and happy.
He was still laughing when he drove away.
The hummingbirds visited the feeder all day long.
Janie was going to her cousin's birthday party.
She wanted to go out.
She gladly went in and bought a drink to go with her ice cream.
She met some friends there.
Tim loved eating cookies.
Tom went to the store.
The bear was sleeping very soundly.
Erika goes to school everyday except Sundays.
The temperature went down.
I put on my clothes and went outside.
He was feeling really shy and nervous.
Ana wanted a new puppy.
It was supposed to be a nice and sunny day.
Shelby excused herself to the restroom during the class.
I saw a walrus sleeping.
Yesterday I sat in my chair.
He stayed up all night long.
Since he stayed up, he could barely keep his eyes open.
Zach was sitting at his computer and watching TV.
She realized it must be because of the chips.
When the book came out, her friends were furious.
Lily hadn't seen her father since she was young.
He kept on hearing noises in every room he entered.
James went to Las Vegas for vacation.
Then he threw it at the wastebasket in his corner.
Michael had a poor educational background, but wanted to be a doctor.
My Uncle Larry owns a drugstore.
Next to the Popsicles, I noticed a product called Frosty Paws.
Terry had just bought a small pizza restaurant.
Jimmy invited his grandmother to watch his baseball game.
One day while in town, he noticed a car show.
The music was so loud at the front that I couldn't even understand it.
Gina's grandpa had waited in the car 15 minutes while she shopped.
The only station I could pick up was a talk radio station.
Mark woke up late and missed his bus to school.
He was looking for his glasses for work.
He had realized his dream of owning his own business.
Her mother took her to the hospital to get a cast for it.
When he got to the office, Ed had a nice surprise.
The log floated on the river.
When she got to class, she was ready.
Rob and Beth were out hiking a trail at a state park.
Eventually he wouldn't see her for several days at a time.
She saw all the games and the Ferris wheel.
One day, Kim decided to quit her job.
And she wandered into Mike's room without his permission.
They went to the zoo, where they saw lots of animals.
Gina was in the bathroom staring in the mirror.
His father sees John with his broken bike.
He was in Kenya and heard a gunman opened fire in a mall.
The dog died from his injuries.
Yesterday I went on a hike.
Kevin got angry while waiting for her to wash the last dish.
Naturally, hiking in nature trails seemed like a perfect fit for her.
Startled, Jesse sat upright in her bed and looked around.
When she went home she cried herself to sleep after wine.
Unfortunately she did not make it and it sold out.
They would come at any time, lasting two minutes.
My neighbor keeps her dog outside during the day.
That night they had a large dinner from the fish they had caught.
I dumped in all the change I had.
Harry's baby sister fell very ill and died.
She only had forty five minutes left in her lunch break.
Dori took the lawn mower out of the shed to mow the lawn.
So she went to her favorite salon to experiment.
After four years, I had become a skilled photographer.
Desi's family attended a concert at a symphony hall.
He kept betting on black and soon he had thousands.
He had enjoyed his time with this newspaper.
The planes turned out perfect.
She couldn't wait.
Ben was going home from work.
When she arrived at work she scratched the tickets.
But the police pulled up and started asking Charles questions.
With a wagging tail the dog smothered him in kisses as a thank you.
My mother wanted a picture of the entire family.
The man believed her.
Patricia went to the movies with her friends.
Everyone enjoyed looking at the sea creatures.
Jimmy replaced the engine and his car ran like it was brand new.
He confessed at the police station and eventually went to prison.
She knew that animals loved music as much as she did.
She didn't win the contest.
The goldfish in the aquarium looked bored.
Shane wanted to be a dog trainer.
Kenny went to the bar with his friends.
His friend had a car that needed repair work.
Tim checked his account online.
Sarah was known for being an outstanding softball player.
Sally them put on her wedding dress and shoes.
We lost a lot of income that day.
After Landon and her siblings grew up, they spent less time there.
Tommy wore his handmade costume to school with pride.
The family went to the farm to find a Christmas tree.
Liz was sad because her dog died.
But Gina had no idea when she arrived.
So he went to feed the baby and went back to bed.
Kelly couldn't wait to go back.
Finally the house was warm enough to act normal.
I lost my debit card at a gas station.
Her family went but she was not happy.
Yesterday I played chess online with my friend.
He sat down at the coffee shop and drank them very slowly.
His friends were going on the trip too.
Chad needed a hotel for a overnight stay in Atlanta.
I was sitting on a bench outside the library today.
My friend wanted a new smartphone.
She lived in Texas where the weather was not cold.
She wakes up every morning and drinks one cup.
He did not know if his manners were adequate!
Richard almost fainted.
Her friend invited her on her private plane.
Andrew wanted to invite Lexie to the prom.
I gave up and let him lick one.
Natalia was passing out candy to the kids.
Nora forgot the book at the doctor's office.
She felt the icy cold drink slide down her throat.
She started taking him to AA meetings five nights a week.
She looked down and her bikini top was gone.
His wife stays at home.
Then he went back for more.
Sally bought him the new watch!
He looked up those restaurants.
She was caught by store security.
Joe was walking outside his apartment.
She was so happy when he brought her breakfast in bed.
He called 911 but it was too late.
Larry is walking home from school one day.
So he decided to fast.
Tim had to learn about death at an early age.
He went home and watched the channel that announces the winners.
Hayes wanted to see the new movie.
But as the due date approached, she felt more and more anxious.
Owen cut his finger on the saw.
Bruce was a police officer who handled traffic accidents.
The boy was crushed.
He placed it behind his head.
Bernie is a man who wants equal rights for everyone.
Sam received the pizza from the store and went to her car.
Carl needs a new car.
Andrea's mouth was watering.
Alex prays for help.
John's father has two hot dogs and decides to share one with John.
All of the seniors were moved towards the gym.
He heard some kids at school bragging about their dads' salaries.
Ford preferred to not have spicy wings.
Lucy dreams of being an actor.
He saw his bank account grow.
He wore them often.
Ray wanted to play mini golf with his friends.
His brother had died.
My friend needed help with his homework assignment.
She went on a hike one day a little too late.
He gasped when he saw the dollar amount.
Maxine took one sip and found it delicious.
His father grounded him for 2 weeks afterwards.
She felt like a schoolgirl when he asked her to a Valentine dance.
He realized that he left it at the library.
Then next week Bill sees a story about the bakery.
When she died, Mark found out she was a hoarder.
Preacher the parrot inched down the bar.
Dean realized he had no food in the house.
Then, she put the ingredients in a pot of boiling water.
He shot the game.
He had to go home immediately and put cream on.
Tyler makes himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I saw my friend Joe outside today at 3 PM.
He was happy to be living in a very clean home.
Callie wanted a new dress.
Cody knew he needed to bring up his grades.
From then on, the dog followed Adam everywhere.
Sam was excited to finish building the dog house.
He decided to make giant cookies with M&Ms in them.
Tom knew he wanted to never struggle financially again.
Nio wanted to join the Navy - he always had!
She scolded them for scattering her dirt pile.
His crankiness was gone.
Sam was watching the sunset with his girlfriend.
Tom led a sedentary life.
Her friend liked the idea.
They would live in a cabin and be thankful for each other.
Jack stayed in shape and athletic.
Fran washed Edna's woolly coat.
It landed on the road before me, I had to drive over it.
He decided to give private lessons on double bass.
After much diligent research, he found his real mother.
Suddenly, he began to feel better.
Barry went with his friends to the pond.
Eric wanted to wake up early to go fishing.
Jim love the new puppy his mother bought him.
Brooke was against going to the mall.
Old Mister Lorenzo hated the young folks around his house.
He forgot to tell them about the broken chair.
Alyssa liked this man.
Everything seemed automatically better.
Ken wanted to be a pro ball player.
The pain and swelling went away.
He bet more money than he should nearly every time.
I just didn't want to contribute to other's poor health choices.
He saved money, and found it easier to pay his monthly bills.
She could give up anything in her life, just not her shoes.
However, a large puddle was blocking her way to the next street.
I looked for a job for almost eleven months.
SHe knew he needed a better fishing pole.
There were so many to choose from.
Billy liked a pair of shoes at the shop.
Terry really loved the bumper cars.
He didn't like it.
Andy decided he would put mixed vegetables into her macaroni.
Everyone liked it.
Tom tried to be romantic.
Trisha then told the class she and her boyfriend broke up.
I was walking on the football track with a friend.
He guided her through the steps until her silly fear was gone.
He sat down and waited for the date to show up.
Patty needs a new cell phone.
Jake was randomly screened during the security checkpoint.
She suddenly growled and nipped their hands.
She walked into the room to sit down.
He looked at his clock and saw it was 11:30am!
The next time the drive went past he did not see the bump.
His phone died along the way.
It took them weeks to pick one.
Now I can find my items.
She felt great.
Brad's parents were going to a bonsai show.
After a month Drew realized he was very lonely.
Mayson had gotten in trouble in school.
America is a large country and can seem scary at first.
The movement is gaining momentum!
She checked the soil and it was rich enough.
Anna went to a protest.
Her boss found her asleep in the break room.
He got drunk and kept hitting on a girl.
Then his foot slipped and he fell down.
Ann was sitting in the living room watching television.
He broke every bone in his back.
Brett forgot his umbrella that morning.
He could never go to sleep at a proper time.
But when he tried the Nicorette gum he successfully quit in 30 days!
He hit the truck head on.
But he was having the hardest time finding a good sales job.
Kevin was playing outside on his skateboard.
Chad was going out for a pass.
But then he saw a bad accident involving a motorcycle.
Little Caesar was now happy until the day he died.
Before he knew it, he had earned $200.
Shawn needed a website for his new business.
When he got to his cousins he dropped his bag and ran to the swingset.
On the walk, two men in a truck drove by nearly hitting the horse.
I had to fill in data on the computer all day long.
She needed, but had no help.
His friend cried in gratitude.
At this party, I wanted the theme to be board games.
When Caroline's parents heard the news they were elated.
Becky was idly surfing the internet.
She posted a picture of her attractive friend to improve her odds.
The house seem great and everything work.
Tanisha wrecked her car.
I confronted Doug with my childish suspicions.
And he thought it looked like a nice day to go outside.
They weren't able to fix it.
Joe read the weather forecast in the paper.
Some of them were looking in store windows.
Every morning Sarah went for a run.
Everyone thanked Miked for freeing them from a boring tradition.
Craig felt strong.
It made her very upset.
Ever since, Timothy has been terrified of all clowns.
She was crying because the hot water gave her a headache.
As soon as they came in front of the entrance, they were stopped.
Liz needed a new wardrobe.
During the night Chad heard a rumble coming from outside his tent.
There, he went to the beach.
Ahmed lives an unhappy life alone in a refugee camp in Europe.
The librarian had a large cart of books to put away.
The young teacher was generally well-liked by his students.
He went to the doctor about it.
The resulting worker's compensation claims were steep.
She put down her papers.
There were a few spots left.
They enjoyed the movie even more thanks to the privacy.
Jen and her husband left together.
Luckily, his score brought his grade up.
Susie then saw it was like soup.
I had to carry around a lot of cash, but I enjoyed myself.
The nanny asked for some money to buy playclothes for the kids.
She really wanted it.
While walking through the mall she noticed this nice shirt.
It was over a month ago but he couldn't forget about it.
The teacher said he was confident in Alex to take the test!
When college rolled around he joined his college's team.
Jack went to the store.
The broccoli stunk up Ali's home.
Gabe knew his true calling was to be a comedian!
She looked at the menu.
Derek practiced free throw shots for days.
Luckily, within days his pain started to go away.
He spotted something on the horizon.
I tried to talk him out of it, to no avail.
He put the kayak in the water.
Gina cut strips of fabric into squares.
Tom wasn't able to keep warm.
One day Quinn went to the library.
Kyle wanted a new bike so he could ride with his friends.
She realized that she only have vanilla soy milk.
Jamal had no way of paying rent.
But she noticed something strange.
So she joined a drawing class.
They waited three hours for Lucy.
To Gary's delight, Karen said that she felt the same way about him.
I then went through and tallied up all the dates on the coins.
Ella found an old oil lamp at a thrift store.
He was invited in a classroom.
Jessica wanted to eat cake.
One day, my girlfriend went to the grocery store alone.
Her hair smelled like bubble gum.
My wife's friend Tom was in a hospital waiting room yesterday.
He decided to join an international club.
Tina bought some shares of a company yesterday.
The cookies bake for 15 minutes.
They drank all night long.
I cried because it made me feel like a loser.
Laura wanted to find the perfect dress.
Walden dug a hole in the ground.
I told them that it might be some kind of placebo effect.
Once they get to wal mart John realizes that he forgot his wallet.
Carter slept in his crib.
I went inside and enjoyed a nice meal.
She had a stress fracture and has to wear a boot for 4 weeks.
Tia was caught and given detention!
She brought the watch to the lost and found before she left.
Stephanie accepts her death and her wishes are followed.
Billy's family leaves him at the restaurant.
As a result of her willfulness, very few people wanted to watch her.
To get a better look she climbed the tree next to it.
He deeply believed in all they stood for.
She felt offended and left my house.
My daughter was so happy when she seen the cupcakes.
Aaron and Emily looked for cover but did not find any.
I practiced my speech and when giving it I spoke too fast and quietly.
Cal was half-awake as he went into his shower.
I called our email hosting provider.
Now he sees his daughter twice a year.
Suddenly, he was standing in front of a bear.
Christine wanted to be a homeowner.
The barber had other customers, so Joe had to wait.
He accidentally pushed the classmate in the hall.
The show featured one of Ben's favorite comedians.
Jamie noticed her only hen hadn't laid an egg in over a week.
Larry saw a rat one night.
The shine shined into a drivers eyes and he put the brakes on.
Angelique finally got tired of it and decided to leave Juan one night.
He once went along to a meet and greet with a music producer.
Zach ended up going out with Tom to the city.
It went all over me and down my shirt.
Sam wanted to look good in his new shoes.
I went to the store, but all the devices were too expensive for me.
Luke's cat fell out of a tree but survived.
The whole world now grieves for the lives lost in France.
Joe is dying of boredom.
The woman called him back.
She went home.
Jeff never happier to be home and be able to keep his family safe.
He hired the cheaper company to paint his house.
Alice wanted a cup of coffee.
The team was going to a national competition.
Dan sulked in his room all night long.
She told Tina how she felt.
Vincent knows he wont regret it.
One day, Erin went to a cookout with one of her friends.
Terry was in pain and saw a doctor.
Unfortunately she left it in too long.
But all her life, she'd hated her big, wide Jewish nose.
I had to sleep on the couch for a week.
Zack's son wanted a bike for his birthday.
Sam made a lot of rude comments.
We went to Cleveland to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
One day Charles took a trip to New Orleans.
She couldn't believe that the girl was her childhood friend.
Joo arrived home with a red face and eyes.
Jane's friend told her about it quietly.
When I did, the score was 98 to 32 in my favor.
Amy was at the theater to see a movie.
Andy wanted to impress them.
She needed to get her stuff home but had no car.
For the first time, Jenny found the banana peel joke funny.
Maria decided that she would kiss a boy no matter what.
She read about designer purses, skateboards and cellphones.
Charles paid his rent and was now penniless.
Everyone was surprised when Sarah fumbled the lines for the lead role.
So it found it's family and they stayed together always!
The cough was so annoying, one day Phil went to his doctor.
She loved being a bridesmaid even more.
Tyler loved to play sports.
They treated it very poorly.
One summer, a girl in the neighborhood went to an amusement park.
Chad purchased several items that he knew he needed.
The thought exhausted him, so he went home.
When he woke up, he had a personal message in his inbox.
He liked being there but not at the moment.
Abby and Justin were playing checkers.
They went to multiple bars, getting drunker as the night went on.
My wife eventually found me after a few hours.
All of the town's folk were eager to see it.
They all checked his bag.
I wasn't home, so I never saw her.
There, she noticed a sign advertising a free donut day.
I learned that he died very young and suffered from mental illness.
Gary decided to get a new mattress.
When we were in our school,we saw some of our friends.
Pierre was shy, but accepted, because he was proud of his heritage.
Sarah looked out of her kitchen window.
He was waiting for her to answer the door.
First he went to the French Quarter.
So, he went out for the team at school.
But Ed did not want to kill his fish.
And she didn't know the language well enough for translation work.
Tony felt so proud of his great accomplishment.
The man loved the bouquet, and paid twice its cost to Fiona.
She was so anxious to be employed again!
And the two enjoyed their meal.
Dina found an ad on the news for a cheap car.
When Marcy felt that familiar grumble in her stomach she looked up.
She was amazed at it since she needed a toaster.
Everyone enjoyed the party especially the dancing.
The vice principal saw her with her shirt untucked, he was displeased.
Teddy gets very nervous and climbs into bed with me.
David was looking forward to the big game on Saturday.
Tammy did not feel like going to school.
Nell had always wanted to go to Spain.
The agent found her work.
Jason wanted to impress his girlfriend.
My mind goes back many years.
Last night I went on a very long run.
Jane was feeling really sick.
The next day, her brother confronted Jeff.
The package was supposed to arrive on Wednesday by 8 pm.
Pete ran over, grabbed the kids, and ran from the coast.
And he took his red ribbon home with a smile on his face.
All the lights and read-outs were indicating a major earthquake.
Neil did not enjoy his trip at all!
After he was gone, I opened up the shoe box.
The next day, Karen went with her friends to the beach.
My dad really enjoys going fishing.
Jordan was playing on her trampoline.
Reggie said he saw a dinosaur.
Larry liked to tinker with things.
Michael likes to collect rare coins.
At the end of the party, the kids went home for the day.
It's the last day that I can take my final test.
He went to the ATM to get $900 to pay for rent.
I put the prepared mix in the oven.
She didn't care for pandering like her predecessor.
Bruce agrees to go to the restaurant and try Chinese food.
She began a special savings account and saved money for years.
Mike went to the farmer's market to get radishes.
Suddenly she realized too much time had passed.
Lisa was listening to music.
My family and I went almost completely digital.
But it began to rain.
He realized he was pretty bad at the game.
All the computers went dark.
She ended up losing power.
His friends were coming over for a birthday party.
Laura missed her puppy a lot!
Larry hated his roommates.
Kelly was nervous to try a new hairstyle.
He heard a phone ring and quickly answered it.
He found a great program.
A kind stranger stopped to help him.
It was my first game to watch.
I was looking at my attic one day.
She realized she had measured his little brother's shirt by accident.
It came with a rubber band and a piece of plastic.
She really wanted to see the elephants.
Once there, Jan and Mark looked over differen.
He sanded the rusty areas until the metal was exposed.
She tripped over her loose shoelace.
Guy liked to surf.
He built a car and raced at the local track.
She had a good time on the date and was glad she went.
I had a bunch of glassware sitting on a table outside.
At the store she saw one she liked.
She ended up having to sit inside the bus.
Elias needed a new part for his car.
The dish turned out perfect.
The river was her favorite place to go.
She had never seen snow first-hand.
He agreed so we went to the bathroom.
She exercised to enlarge her breasts and shrink her waist.
One time, Kelly tricked her brother into cleaning it for her.
Alexia and her friends went on a gameshow.
They both made a promise.
Kate was no longer excited to graduate.
Mark ended up having his bike stolen while at work one day last month.
Stella was the one person who stood out most of all.
I was analyzing some data for my statistics project.
While looking into the water he saw a large black fish.
The moment she walked in, it was a disaster.
Alfredo feels happy now that he has a new stereo system at home.
He hadn't paid his electric bill.
Tom was walking around outside.
Bob was feeling lucky so he went to a casino.
Ivy invited her boyfriend to Thanksgiving dinner.
Allie went to the mall with her friend.
Howard wanted to watch the football game on tv.
Rex feels much less bored now.
He waited in line overnight, in the cold.
Nick looked up to his high school basketball coach.
They got ice cream and went home to watch TV.
On the way, Bill wrecked his car.
His brother scored to win the game.
Together, they read the paper and saw that it was a boy.
She pulled the grey hair out with tweezers.
Annie looked up the activities mentioned to her by the co workers.
Two men were talking in a bar.
However, a gust of wind carried a large branch.
Everyone was looking and I was so embarrassed!
She liked her heritage and was proud of it.
She needed to find someone else before he left her.
Instead, he just ate some egg drop soup.
I realized I needed my glasses however.
And they went on a 2 mile long race.
He lived far from his parents and they wanted to see him.
On his first day Paul received a lot of training.
Cindy enjoys a healthy, homemade dinner.
I suddenly remembered I had no sandals.
The fresh pasta had made all the difference!
He reeled in the line as fast as he could.
Denise was feeling quite ill at work today.
Emma was very sad about missing a year of her picture tradition.
The man answered well.
I went into the backyard.
Apparently my deodorant failed me and I was so embarrassed by my odor.
Although he was a good worker, his boss didn't like his Friday habit.
Rene couldn't find her place.
He felt better right away and happily went on to his wedding.
Dee had lots of exams to study for.
He thought it was a bad idea.
Security at the concert informed him that they were counterfeit.
There was a man who scavenged the streets in search for lost change.
Jim was not one to follow the laws strictly.
Last night I was going to watch top chef.
He looked for his keys in his pocket.
Kelly's flooring needed to be redone.
They gathered all the cardboard boxes they could.
Rhea lived with her 10-year old daughter Mary.
Eddie and Rita have dated for two Year's.
She went over and told the child to go home.
The kids couldn't sleep on Christmas Eve.
She died suddenly of a heart attack.
Then I spotted a dusty painting in the corner.
One day, he found that the parrot had died.
A cop pulled him over.
His crew obeyed the command.
Molly wanted a new gadget.
He looked away but lost his grip.
Tom wanted to be inducted into Mensa.
Cathy fidgeted on her bed, wondering what to do.
Larry always wanted to have power.
John knew he needed to be in better shape for that!
When he got home he felt sick.
He felt special because he was the head of the class.
My roommate and I went to the basketball game.
The other day I went on a helicopter ride.
She went to the urgent care clinic.
All of a sudden, the electricity went off.
He dreamed about her for years.
I gave him my number.
My first shot knocked the ball onto the other table.
She warned him his stomach would hurt.
Instead of sending police enforcement, they helped me find the bully.
But they had made three stops in four hours.
The mouse spotted crumbs on the kitchen floor.
She goes home and watches the news.
Ty was feeling lucky.
Tom was old and living alone.
He decided to buy her a cooking class.
He sat at the picnic table and enjoyed his dessert.
The hiker found himself lost in the woods.
Sure enough, she found them on top of the microwave!
She realized she needed new glasses, so she made an appointment.
He made an editing account.
Finally it was 6 PM and time to leave.
Sandy selected a man online to go on a date with.
Tracy went to the store to buy her daughter's school supplies.
Susie blushed when she saw them.
The man put on some pants.
Jeff needed a break from the city life.
Lucy begged her grandma to close her Facebook account.
He missed and stubbed his finger.
People were comparing prices on their phones.
She was attending a big costume party.
They were all excited about going.
He looked everywhere in the store for it.
The police issued a warning saying these were imposters.
So she went all the time to her favorite place with a good menu.
The store only has strip loin steak, and he wants T-Bone.
I heard something outside my window.
She seemed distant.
Seth was excited to learn.
Emma did not want her mom to have another baby.
But he hated letting down others.
His girlfriend would not answer.
Reggie needed to go to a nearby store.
Greg decided to go to a club with his friends one night.
Novelty red flags now hung from both of the comedians' fake guns.
After the visit, Denise's doctor gave her his prognosis.
He had to continually monitor his weight.
Miguel's team is down by 2 with 5 seconds left.
She waited impatiently for them to sprout in the spring.
The day has come for him to ask her out.
I hung them up on hangers in my closet.
Roberta was washing some fruit when she noticed something.
He liked to watch fact videos on YouTube.
She found a beautiful dress for a special occasion.
However, Denise realized she would need more makeup lessons.
Monica knew what it meant as soon as she hard it.
I had been working very late for the past week.
After throwing them on the bed I went to sleep.
Danny's eyelid was so swollen that she could not examine his eye.
During the safari, he saw lions and elephants.
The water pump went out.
But there was no more water left in his house.
He left the sander in one spot too long.
Rodney died of cancer.
Her mother was going over Gina's uncle's house.
He wanted to be famous.
The brakes failed for some reason.
He looked around and found an old classic radio.
Nancy hired Amelia to babysit her kids.
Alex loved to write short, fictional stories.
He was missing a lot of work and left the days early.
Gina realized it was wrong to wish bad things on other people.
She played her best and won the tournament.
Oscar continued making artwork as he grew up.
Christine heard her favorite song on the radio.
The car in front of him slammed on his brakes.
Milly's dog, Buttons died rather suddenly.
He spotted what looked like rot.
An hour later, I moved it to the drier.
She looked all over for one.
I enjoyed it since the hospital food was bad.
She always seemed sneaky, but she had something up her sleeve.
She invited all her friends to come join.
He started to throw the sales papers.
Alicia's dad hesitated.
She immediately developed a crush on the band's lead singer.
His son cried and cried for hours.
Tom felt sluggish and out of it all morning.
She worked after school at a restaurant.
The poor man was leaning over the boat the whole time being sick.
She realized they had left one of kids at home.
John had a problem with incorrectly reading receipts.
She has owned this cat for about eight years.
Clara didn't want to follow the rest of the girl scouts on the hike.
He would go out onto the lake often.
All the hot water was gone by the time he had his turn.
Tom laid on the horn, hard.
I was then able to keep my usage.
The prop manager found it behind a box backstage.
Scott loved his trumpet.
Each group took a side.
Because he kicked a guy's butt in a parking-lot a year ago.
He got on it and stayed longer than anyone expected.
After the end of the day, he went to bed.
Kendra received an email from her school this morning.
I realized the directions were very simple after reading them.
Jim went to a masked ball.
When he got inside, he saw many attractive women.
She said I would trust her again someday.
He realized it was female.
I put the eggs in a pan but realized something.
This area of Michigan had a lot to offer related to this activity.
He was excited to see netflix already there.
It was a smart solution, and they were able to remain friends!
Finally, he checked and it was already three o'clock in the afternoon.
Jane had to take a very important spelling test.
She bought a candy bar, but it was too delicious.
The dog felt much better.
He checks all of his pockets but his keys aren't there.
She patted out the burgers and loaded them with cheese.
The professor told them that they were both wrong in the matter.
His uncle appreciated the gift.
Amy felt she was way too adult to see that movie.
Gemma was working at her desk.
When the oven was warm he put in a frozen pizza.
She found a disco that played great music.
Rufus had always had trouble meeting new people.
My high definition television died.
Jake checked his pockets but he didn't have any change.
She stayed with them all day because they were her favorite animal.
He found a lot of vintage clothes in the attic.
Ryan went to his car and went back home ASAP.
Joe missed the first shot.
I looked down and saw my feet were severely swollen.
Sara wanted to surprise her husband.
Sam attended an event to watch his team win the national championship.
Rather than run, he helped swipe it away from her.
He and I agreed to keep it a secret from his sister.
The storm caused massive damage.
Online I discovered and ordered the perfect Green Diet.
He went outside to investigate and found a baby bear!
John had to stay and call the alarm company.
Afterwards, the family put all of the sections in the recycling box.
All of a sudden the ball went over the fence into traffic.
The fifth day, Missy's shouts of joy were heard throughout the house.
All day I just knew I had all the ingredients.
Kate knew she needed to drop some weight.
He needed some cash for a down payment.
But we decided we only watch Netflix and Hulu.
The young teacher decided to simply ignore it.
Jeff hated the way the carpet in his house looked.
Tom wanted cereal for breakfast.
And eventually, he had no motivation to attempt any of his goals.
Will played goalie on a terrible hockey team.
Jordan was looking for a new apartment.
Adam hadn't gone fishing since.
Blue polish went everywhere.
The power went out that night.
I hope they believe me!
The turkey weighs forty pounds.
Lane was surfing in Hawaii.
Finally, Laura began to cry in despair.
I bought a bike in 1999.
It happened at a bad time.
Gerald wanted a new look.
Beth wanted to be beautiful.
John was taking a flight to New York.
Johnny is happy that he learned about news around the world.
Tony sold him a boat.
I couldn't find a parking spot at a festival I went to.
She stepped on a piece of glass.
After one month of twice daily walks, he had only lost two pounds.
The team went to a double dutch competition.
She then remembered that she took it off at the sleepover.
Salman attended an opening event of a new play.
Sean was making corned beef for Saint Patrick's Day.
Chester now had the confidence to face his bullies.
They both were wanting their first tattoo.
Adam sipped juice and ate soda crackers until his stomach felt better.
He went on several interviews last week.
They roasted hot dogs and were having a great time.
In some pockets I found money.
Linda wanted to move because she had a boyfriend.
She wanted to see more of the shows.
John always wanted a real Rolex.
Nick was glad when he was able to afford a new car.
He entered his apple pie into a local bakery competition.
Laura couldn't believe how fun it was.
Ben fought for the British in the War of 1812.
Terrence loved his art class.
I texted him, as the newscast did not mention the street.
Today was the first day my kids and I went in our pool.
He went to live with her.
The two went to a moderately priced restaurant for lunch.
He couldn't sleep very well because he was worried about his wallet.
Afterwards, my siblings and I opened presents.
I saw this guy sitting outside a store.
A friend was supposed to sell a few of them at a yard sale.
Everyone got in their cars and raced to the spot to watch the turtle.
The child replied, "What's a centaur?"
The man paid for the seed and flapped his arms as he left.
Tom felt uncomfortable there.
A tornado was spotted in town.
She was curious about how it would look.
Tyson was smoking a cigarette.
For some reason I couldn't find my ticket.
Jane found the snake in the closet two days later.
Michael was worried nobody would like him.
I went up to the top of a near mountain.
Any move against the courts was met by opposition to unrelated goals.
As he stalked through the store he had a plan.
Today she showed off her baby bump.
He had always witnessed a lot of his friends going to jail
Tom and Harry went on a lavish vacation together.
The wipes were all over the bathroom, most of them wasted.
She saw a bright flash and the power went out.
They agreed to let her live with them for four months.
Greg was usually a good kid who stayed out of trouble.
They went to her nan's favourite china shop.
But then she saw that her mom had forgotten a spoon!
She relished the feeling of sand between her toes.
His classmates wouldn't let him be on their team.
Suddenly he took her hand in his and then quickly released it.
Finally she found a place behind the bushes.
He lived on a farm with different animals but that was his favorite.
John was delighted to go on the trip, with scooter in tow.
The next day he noticed his wallet was missing.
The next day he noticed his wallet was missing.
The sailor felt a breeze blow across his face.
Jane was going to costume contest.
Jim ate one of the cookies.
Betty was looking forward to the school prom
His wife let him stay home.
I found Max and his sister Cassie in the middle of the road.
He sat down to watch the horse race.
Today, Cathy saw the cutest puppy she had ever seen.
His girlfriend told him he was being silly.
Ed felt sleepy in the early afternoon.
We went to watch a movie.
One time time Tim through the ball and it went down a storm drain.
He picked up his medication with ease.
Then, one day, they invited her along to the mall!
Pete spent all his allowance at the candy store.
He left the city.
Unfortunately though her sister was not invited.
Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation.
Jake sighed in relief.
Jake sighed in relief.
Sally is still not working, according to her social media posts.
Eventually they secured a gig at a local bar.
A dog chased him.
His parents didn't believe him.
Jill heard there would be a snowstorm in her town.
She begged her mom to take her to dance lessons.
She found out from her friend Ann that Jane now lived with her mom.
Jill Always considered herself ugly.
A whale jumped out of the water and it was enormous.
Mark and David want to go to the museum.
She added lots of veggies, and half the cheese.
They decided to build an igloo out of the snow.
He never found anything but bottle caps and lost pennies.
She put her snout to the ground and sniffed all around.
I looked at my watch as it was getting late.
Boris was elated when he received his gift.
In August of 2008 I started my first year of college.
My wife retired on August 26, 2016.
When Billy was five he went to the beach for the first time.
He asked about the tag.
He asked about the tag.
Lester is glad that his bear no longer looks messy.
Luckily, her parents let her move home.
Later on she goes back home.
I took a lot of photos and had a great time.
I miss traveling there, and miss my grands.
She did a presentation focusing on the abnormal thinness of models.
Sia saw a shape out of the corner of her eye.
The people around him looked on in disgust.
Mike realized that he needed to have a reliable skill.
Rod noticed his wallet when he got home from work.
Walt found another job opportunity.
I told them they were stupid for using drugs.
Unfortunately Jame was too shy and she left before he could.
Carrie hated the thought of going to the blood lab.
The man went to a park.
Tom was cat sitting for a friend.
Tom was cat sitting for a friend.
Her grandmother warned her not to fall asleep in the sun.
He glanced for a short moment.
I wasn't sure but decided on just talking.
He wanted to win badly.
No one missed piano lessons except the teacher they forgot to call.
He got up and went to the kitchen to find a snack.
People liked it.
I found this too much, and broke up with her.
He turned the cans in for cash.
My 99 year old friend Ben is losing his memory.
Mary and the baby are happily living together.
He searched all over the park for him.
Ed lived in Kansas.
He charged $5000 but finished quickly.
Drew arrived at his dinner date.
Sam never wasted food again.
I put some chicken and cheese on a slice of bread to make a sandwich.
The both looked at each other with suspicion.
Finally, Hernandez was able to sleep in his cave.
She is glad she found a way to relax after the week at work.
Suddenly, she slid on ice.
So next time we won't be able to see our favorite thing.
Clara was leaving home for her job interview.
They would often swap.
It took about an hour for the bus to come but then it was late.
He thought he was sober enough.
When my friend's dad died, I skipped school for his funeral.
My wife and I went to Savannah for our anniversary.
The toy arrived within a week.
When her parents refused, Jenny wailed for hours.
I found a nice looking one and then purchased it.
Hillary learned to ride a bike yesterday.
We went to the mid south fair.
She had forgotten to add the yeast!
And his friend felt guilty for the rest of his life.
Gina always wanted to be a singer.
He wanted to try a new brand so he looked online at different kinds.
It was snowing outside.
One day he noticed his room was clean.
Her mom was waiting up for her.
I used to collect colored pencils and erasers.
She had saved her life, the car crashed later that night.
So I stopped watching the news.
My son needed it for his bathtub.
The symbols were turned off manually.
Tam and his family ordered Chinese one night.
Together they labored for hours.
Other scientists looked at his research.
He made sure to put on more often next time.
I needed floss but I couldn't find it.
His mom freaked out and looked all over the store for him.
Ben went into his sister's room and looked at all she left behind.
She went to the yoga class with an open mind.
Rain was coming.
I went swimming yesterday.
The Smiths decided to continue their date.
Maria put in the card's info on the ticket website.
They waited for a long time.
Afterwards he feels better.
Carol wanted a new hairstyle.
She had found the perfect card for her sister!
I took a selfie and posted it on Snapchat.
Erica shut off the television.
She asked one of her friends to do it since the tattoo parlor refused.
Kate was careful to remain hidden behind the door and out of site.
I went out to the grocery store with my mother today.
Steve and Cheryl found they had many things in common.
Her friend Gina wanted to go home and tell Lucy's grandma.
Pollyana set her phone to notify her of incoming emails.
The man told the owners about the damage.
I had to go the the store.
Kay wanted to learn about nutrition and healthy eating.
When it was over, she stood and clapped loudly.
She donned her NOMEX pants over the leggings and hurried out the door.
Nobody ever arrived at my party.
He decided to grab my shoe.
He had to be at work in twenty minutes, he rushed to the store.
During his work, the detective investigated his wife's brother.
One day Rory's family was driving through the country.
Amanda however, was not prepared to see a large snake, an anaconda.
It learned to hunt and survive on its own.
And we said goodbye to him.
She had stayed up all night studying.
The first ball was very hard to make.
After that, Lucy had a lot of fun going down on easy slopes all day.
Kate's cake ended up burning.
The girls went on the ride.
Carl learned his lesson during that miserable month!
Richard has lost not only his best friend, but his only friend.
The card turned out to be from Tyler's best friend from college.
Less than a mile from the transmission place the engine went out.
We usually eat in for breakfast.
Suddenly Superman stepped into his room!
Edward likes to record funny stunts.
He found one on sale for only $20.
The tomatoes appeared to be rotten.
One day, he went outside and saw a colony.
He also noticed his closet was really full.
Ulrich was interested in buying a house in Nebraska.
Unfortunately she couldn't find any good downloading apps.
Eloise dressed up in a pink dress and went as a fairy godmother.
Her daughter is only 2 and missed her dad.
In her grief she vowed never to own another dog.
He took the package inside and started to open the box.
Jessie lived next to the woods.
Bill was known in town for his bread.
In the hall she saw her friend Beth.
She was going to serve her nonna's Pasta Puttanesca.
He found a lamp he liked.
The eye doctor tells Lucas that he needs glasses.
He wasn't able to join Marie.
She found one at the discount store.
It was well received.
I overslept and missed class.
He also knew what a dove was, a type of bird.
Ringo worked with the horse for months to break it in.
Roma wanted to see the world, but she was very poor.
Jamie had nowhere to live.
The children wanted to put on a play.
Scarlett wanted to take fencing lessons.
Bob always dreamed of being rich.
All of them passed and had very good grades on the exam!
She organized the whole thing.
Georgina brought home a black man to her big home in Jackson, MS.
Sue wanted to make a sandwich.
Alas, I needed my parents signature on the card.
Susan was very pregnant and working in her vegetable garden.
It was important for him to keep the dog healthy.
However, in his town all young men are expected to fish.
A famous rocker went to a party hosted by him.
When she got married she got bulldog books.
She went to bed afterwards.
This was enough to please the man.
He saved for a long time.
Bill wasn't attracted to this woman at all.
She hid this from everyone she knew.
Rory went away to summer camp for the first time.
He found a set online for a good price.
She was enjoying a nice sunny day at beach.
He feels bad for them, so he feeds them his lunch.
My sister lived at the top of a highrise apartment.
Then Kim went off the high dive.
Someone else found it and posted it online.
She felt sorry for this person.
George finally found one that he liked and bought it.
The boy didn't like crust.
Ray told his teacher.
Boris felt that his workplace lacked personality.
My sister has always wanted to be a princess.
Then she realizes they don't have any apples.
I found a dart game that seemed interesting.
He liked going into work every day.
The boy asked if he could take one of the chairs at Eli's table.
She knew they were out of her budget.
Dusty let his friends borrow his car.
She even thought about opening her own cupcake business.
He was so excited he kept forgetting to buzz in.
His doctor told him he needs to eat more vegetables.
They drank and talk.
But her mom could not afford them for her.
Suddenly she felt a surge in the water.
Bill's legs felt better from the vegetables.
He immediately apologized.
When their plane arrived late in Denver, they missed the next plane.
The boy shined his shoes.
I was curious how they would look.
But that ended up causing some trouble.
Instead he stayed up all night.
She deleted that recording immediately!
Frank and Alice loved the show and the rain.
He can't make the same mistakes as before.
She had thoughts of watching Netflix for the night.
She wrote detailed accounts of her travel with fun pictures.
Alex was concerned as his son was only 3.
The man checked the temperature.
I saw my neighbor Donna today.
The petting zoo closed in the evening, and Karen took her boys home.
She had not trimmed her hair in over a year.
I went to the mall yesterday.
He attempted to copy the same moves in his home.
First he put away all of the fridge items.
We laughed and enjoyed ourselves.
Dan finds out his grandmother keeps her money under a mattress.
I ended up choosing a brunette color.
He never seen snow before.
His Tibet article was well-received!
His mother bought him new shirts and jeans.
A detective received a call about an unsolved murder.
The man switched to illegal drugs.
He went to the hot dog stand.
Then he noticed a smell.
After a lot of hard work and dedication, he opened a small theater.
Greta was really sad and cried for a long time.
Desmond's piano-playing slowly improved.
She noticed hundreds of dollars in charges that she hadn't made!
When Jim sits down he hears a loud squawk from the couch cushion.
Patti was at her wits end.
She was sad to leave all of her friends behind.
I went to the snowboarding hill.
A singer from the band came among people in the audience.
Mom and dad followed with huge smiles on their faces.
So Carlos decided he would cut it.
Riley liked Japanese culture.
She went on a trail she always went on.
Kelsi was happy she went on the ride after all.
He finally found them and he was very happy.
One day Alana and her friends had a bubble-blowing contest.
After an hour he still hadn't found any interesting bugs.
The sports federation required proof she was a woman.
She would act like she was in a castle.
Dan was recently given a family heirloom from his mother.
I went on a hike into a tropical forest.
He looked for lawn care companies in the area.
Eric was going for a job at the park.
It felt so good!
Antwan was very young when his mother died.
Amy was scared and nervous about going to junior high.
Rebekah heard the mailman and went outside to check the mail.
That all changed when he heard rustling near some trees.
Claire was at an auction when she saw a painting she liked.
Neither could read but each really liked the other!
So she decided to get rid of all of her cross stitch supplies.
Alaina went on a hike with her friend.
From the summit we could see the most beautiful sunrise.
Jenny went to the gym four times a week.
Jen went out on her first date.
When leaving the bar I looked for the coin in my wallet.
His heart was pounding and the gun went off.
But he only liked the one!
He would dream every single day about one.
That evening, he went out to a fancy restaurant with his family.
It smells like rotten eggs.
Jenna started to get scared.
Bella later regret not spending more money.
Now I enjoy vaping all day.
The family was enjoying a picnic at the lake.
He found many of them had terrible conditions.
She stood in the mirror to see how she liked it.
So the two girls watched the movie in complete terror.
Perry used to always go out and watching the Pay Per View matches.
Bif followed Jud into the cave and the boys were never seen again.
He ended up buying one for 40k.
They hadn't seen a sign in miles.
Eventually his parents found out.
The teacher winced and looked away.
Jimmy knew he was dying.
And his dad loved the suit just as much as if it were brand new!
Sam was feeling overwhelmed in school.
Quiana like to go to trivia night at the bar.
She had a rough start and not many people liked her baking.
He shouted out what he had for sale to passers by.
My friend Julie is starting work in September.
Jack suddenly realized what an idiot he had been.
Her body seemed not to want to follow along.
In only a year, she'd become one of the most beloved professors.
Matt poked the fire trying to stir the embers.
He was so mad and worried that his phone was missing.
She could not find one anywhere.
One day while walking he gets stopped by an old man on the street.
Last night I felt incredibly sick.
Because of the rain, Liam and Owen had to stay inside until bedtime.
He got tunnel vision and didn't go for anything else.
Janice wanted a new stylish hat for her annual garden party.
When Antoine wore his pink clothes to school, the class laughed.
As the sun's first rays rose above the horizon, she smiled.
Once she was there, she stood alone and watched the show.
She refused, saying ADHD wasn't real.
Larry knew there was a rainbow somewhere.
I realised I needed more flour.
Rafferty realized bugs are preferable to pesticides.
He checked his phone.
Unfortunately she just liked Tom as a friend.
Caesar was playing at home with his new remote controlled helicopter.
A friend suggested drinking more water.
He went home and sat at the table to begin.
She told her mom about what happened.
She wanted to attract more attention.
John was taking a trip.
It remained damp but at least it was wearable.
Larry went to eat at a diner.
She had a slice of cake and admired her hard work.
He is in the military and lives in Germany.
John hit someone in the head with the frisbee.
I saw a rabbit and pointed it out to Sam.
He felt very proud that he finally had a professional recording.
When she was done with the cake, she delivered it to her.
Suddenly he announced that he had a surprise.
Sam failed his test.
Kim thankfully started to feel better after she took the medicine.
She was devastated.
She test drove dozens of vehicles before buying her first vehicle.
Eric was going to college.
The doctor diagnosed him with a mild illness.
He liked the free slippers and the free drinks.
But then the family dog sniffed it out and the ball was found.
He was loving every minute of her fear.
Of course, they want to pay for it.
The night before the test, Brian stayed up late playing video games.
She saw flames from down the street.
We looked forward to it every four years.
We got up really early in the morning and went to the woods.
Mitch stayed at a hotel for a week one time.
Everyday after school she would look at the bikes in a shop window.
But luckily, his surgery went well.
One day, they went out looking for clovers.
Fred wanted to have a delicious dinner.
So Carlos went to his nearest gas station.
She thought the right thing was to break up with him.
Gregory was running outside when he stepped in a hole.
Andy noticed his skin was dry all of the time.
Finally Ben discovered a buried dime from 1940!
He decided to become a lawyer.
Vince was fired for sexual harassment.
However later that night she got sick.
They rented time in a theater on Friday nights, after 10 pm.
And he had trouble sleeping.
The couple ended up moving.
Everyone within the company wanted Adam.
I received my electrical certificate.
They attended the show only to selected by the band to get on stage.
Jack bought an 80 inch Sharp brand TV for $4000.
Finally, my thyme needs were self-sufficient!
Their dog stayed with them into their adulthood.
Malek found out that he had a black eye from the hit.
Reginald now takes great pride in his name.
Within a week, three customers had called to set up appointments.
All the traditional Thanksgiving sides were accompanied by hamburgers.
Every summer the Smith family goes sailing.
Albert never learned to ride a bike.
Greg did not like the new food.
Lately it had been snowing everyday.
We went straight to the electronics section first.
Jay hung out with his friends sister.
He was nervous, but decided to follow an old family recipe.
Dale was rushed to the hospital.
He asked his mom to get him out of bed at 7am.
I dropped the new phone by accident.
I bought four red apples.
Moments later he received a call from Independence University.
Inspiration suddenly descended upon Henry.
They were so glad that they had put their earplugs in for the show.
He was unable to see exactly what was at his feet.
So he paid for a helicopter ride.
Jerry spotted the ball and lept up.
Ollie would like the moon for his birthday.
Joe needed a new washing machine for his new house.
The engine had died!
John hated spinach as a child.
She was brave so grandma wouldn't know.
The door was left open.
Marcy wanted a different one.
She immediately found the sale one.
He is very happy to have read a science fiction novel.
He had really enjoyed working with children.
Now Henry, the hermit crab, sleeps on Quinn's pillow.
Jill goes lobstering with her father.
Suddenly their house went on fire.
Later that day dan wasn't feeling good.
Jon wanted a bigger chest.
My best friend went to work as she normally does.
Both sets of grandparents were thrilled.
Darla wanted a new doll.
Tim hurt his toe trying.
I tried to convince her that several items were on a discount.
Victor felt satisfied with his craftsmanship.
It was 7 AM and he had to get to work.
A bunch of cats got into the trash.
Travis went to a local coffee shop.
It was a beautiful way to spend the evening.
My father never went, until he had a heart attack.
He told me stories about the war.
Susie needed a new book.
Fred and tom decided they wanted to go camping together.
Cal quickly got into the shade.
He hadn't been watching a lot of television.
He had to wait 3 hours for her to finish shopping.
But her conscience would not let her.
At some point, my parents thought I was old enough to mow the lawn.
The washing machine started to act up.
He reluctantly obliged.
I found the soda I wanted.
She left the tray on her counter to cool.
Their legs hurt from all the walking.
Deakins was installing a playground at an elementary school.
Grandma said you will never catch an adult bird.
They won lots of games.
When they were finished he at them with syrup and butter.
He looked under the couch, bed, and in the bathroom.
She saw a lost child.
She heard back from six but not her first choice yet.
The infection cleared up.
It had snowed six inches last night.
So when her son gave her a tablet, she was confused.
He persuaded his parents to let him go on the scariest tour.
I waited in front of the class until it started.
Jimmy has plans to go to the car auction.
She carefully sewed each piece together.
Gina wanted to keep a dog she found at the park.
The community swimming pool was finally opening for the summer.
He watched it bounce off the bricks and come back to him.
He discovered his entire head was infested with a bunch of lice!
They felt offended.
Lorrie had made a mistake and made the dress the wrong color.
Bob used the spreadsheet's color feature to make the data clearer.
The Southern' family rescued a new dog.
Unfortunately, the adderall was too much for his heart, and he died.
However, one year his mother becomes ill.
The umbrellas he sees at first are too flashy for his style.
Gary saw his crush at the gym.
She had no time so she had to order pizza instead.
Unfortunately she didn't see a single good one.
Their band director had died quite unexpectedly the night before.
Lars knew he had found the love of his life.
They had to return most of the candy.
Harry and Larry failed their test.
The Mrs Claus figurine fell on his head!
The girl thought Andrew was nice and funny.
Joe breathed a sigh of relief as he headed home to see his friends.
I went to see the opera La Rondine in 2007.
He slept with a new woman every night.
Dory wanted to be a writer.
When the exam day came, Bill felt confident.
Tom went to the military after high school.
I applied for Social Security Disability family benefits.
Ron really wanted to join the baseball team.
We live in the same apartment building.
The dentist fixed some of Ida's teeth for her.
The duplex I lived in was really small.
She had a knack for finding good deals.
Then he saw a homeless man sitting near the store entrance.
Brooke was turning thirteen this summer.
His friends had come to the house, but he slept through their knocks.
He went to an open day and found a bulldog puppy.
Matt looked forward to his upcoming trip.
She had not looked for an internship or job during the semester.
I went to the supermarket which was 20 minutes away.
Liz got caught and got detention.
Bella goes to the antique store every week.
When Mack answered the phone, it was a telemarketer.
Others wanted to go hiking.
He never stopped snoring!
She sat in the very back.
There I found a bounty of hot peppers.
Tom wasn't invited back often.
Bob was deciding on a college major.
He decided to walk home when he heard a loud bang.
He realized that the subscription for his newspaper had expired.
Her parents were impressed and enjoyed the pancakes.
Billy went to work.
His friends tell him that he rollerblades too fast.
I left a bag of Cheerios by her door with a fake note.
Justin was allergic to bees and forgot his allergy medicine.
His boss let him have the weekend off.
She eventually sold her blog for a few million dollars.
She went outside to see what kind of weather was outside.
He lost the case.
He was relaxed though and that's all that mattered.
Ron wanted to travel the world a bit.
But his friends wanted to go to a restaurant that served food live.
During their visit, they received manicures and pedicures.
While I was in class I fell asleep.
She went out onto her patio and stood in the rain.
He makes a speedy recovery and they go fishing as promised.
She knew what she wanted to teach - home economics!
We spent a lot of time looking for the perfect pet.
Kim couldn't sleep.
He worked for many months to get it just right.
My daughter, son, and son in law went in.
Danny and his friend stayed together and they had no problems.
Sarah patted her pocket and realized she forgot her lunch money!
I wanted to go to a state college instead.
He tells the american people what they want to hear.
They saw an enclosure on the ground with a heating lamp on top.
I told him how much I loved his music.
I was afraid of getting in trouble.
The bartender agreed with my friends.
She went to work full and satisfied.
She didn't want her parents to know.
Sally was surprised to find out that she actually liked mustard.
An announcement was made.
Then, I realize it was an earthquake.
He noticed that he was going bald.
Jamie arrives early in excitement.
Tom was unable to return the blender.
He found another spot to read his wet book.
Gina was watching the news.
He invited his friend Tim.
It wasn't long before he learned first hand of her peanut allergy.
I brought them home and found out that nobody likes them.
Loraline was living alone for the first time.
She could tell she wasn't one hundred percent yet.
And she went back to sleep easily once she was done.
They took a trip to the nursery to buy the plants they needed.
Susie was really happy that people liked it.
He remembered his iPod and rushed to check on it.
Kia had stayed up all night reading for school.
Martha owns a fabric store in a small town.
I was enjoy a day on the lake in my boat.
All of her friends play too.
Then Rowan realized Harper was very sleepy.
Therefore, Elena struggled to get her hair out of the tree.
Jason notices his old slippers are torn.
As they sat in their seats he smiled, happy to be close to the field.
Blake had a red ball that he played with everyday.
On Christmas day, I was pleasantly shocked.
Tony wanted to go to his favorite band's concert.
Tom was out swimming with friends.
Robin couldn't sleep.
She wished her family could afford more diverse meals.
Billy drove down to the burger bar.
He sees that is a cat that is stuck.
He showed it to a clerk who found a replacement and he left the store.
I was about to go inside the store.
He missed by a foot!
I realized that hair gel was not for me.
Clarissa sang the words to her favorite song.
Alissa felt very relaxed at the end of the day.
He began running.
We usually go outside to the playground.
She saw a power plant.
One day Karly was sick, so Katrina went to Karly's friend's party.
She went to the class and picked out her colors.
She serves her country proudly.
Jerry wanted to ask his neighbor out for a date.
He wanted to have fun.
He managed to make the touchdown that won his team the game.
The tips lasted twice as long and let me walk with greater confidence.
Susie couldn't wait for next week's class.
Other people started feeling creeped out.
Flattered, she went to her state finals.
Adalina found out she had cancer.
She fumbled in her coat pocket for the key fob.
One day Skippy stopped showing up
The man died of heart disease.
The weather is supposed to be nice too.
Barry's wife had just given birth to their daughter.
He went to culinary school.
He liked how strong they were.
John's phone would not stay powered on.
Because of that he slept the whole day.
Pablo went to Louisiana for Halloween.
His mom was upset that he was all sticky.
The horse whinnied and snapped at her.
Her curiosity finally won over her fear of bad news.
It went toward Ken in the audience.
It was a bit cold at night but singing kept them warm.
People noticed that he did.
Jan stood there, listening to the music from her phone to the speaker.
She doesn't have many customers.
Gina felt like an outcast.
First she had to clean up all of the trash.
So Sarah had to go to bakery and buy a cake.
I went to the movies this afternoon.
Only the dad wanted to go.
One of the bullies tried to take his bag.
Gordon couldn't understand why people were so stubborn.
Gina needed a second job.
Jim bought a movie ticket.
Lucy was at her friends house attending a party.
Tom was feeling sick today.
She drove away very happy with her deal.
One time, my boy scout troop and I went fishing.
The last horror film she saw was The Ring.
June was invited on a fishing trip.
Instead she went in first thing the next morning.
I plan on going to do it tomorrow.
His mother told him to be careful.
Theo Harding recalled an experience he had during the war.
He decided to write a script to make up stories.
Georgia was expecting a baby any day.
She decided to enroll her daughter in piano classes.
Jack takes the leash off his dog.
His wife didn't think he did enough.
In 2009 my wife wanted to see the Christmas lights on Boston Common.
Many would grow up into talented fighters.
I noticed the business card had his home address.
Matt resigned himself to not getting to learn the song.
She feels a little better, but is still very sad.
He gently rammed the rear of the other racer's car.
Inside the box, Dan found the remote control car he wanted!
Tom hadn't slept well.
He yelled at us and we couldn't talk at all.
Jim took his dog to an obedience class.
She noticed a bad pain developing on her foot.
Tom decided to call up the free number.
The metal worker was declared to be the winner.
He suddenly remembered that he left his wallet at home.
He looked for it all day.
I told Cindy and she was very upset.
She then saw this breathtaking flower.
She went on a strict diet plan.
She was growing really hungry.
Rachel got the knife stuck inside the watermelon.
He ended up earning some good money.
Claire found an old note inside her wallet.
The audience goes wild!
Allie loved her device.
Quinn had always wanted a pet.
Finally they gave up fiddling with the stove.
He explained the moves to his soldiers.
She was afraid nobody would like her!
Billy was so excited to go fishing with his grandfather.
He got a speeding ticket.
But she heard a cricket outside.
I looked at the news and saw there was a festival.
The pitcher threw the ball.
Dan had a very important meeting scheduled with his banker.
He found exactly the brand he was looking for.
But I'm sure she regrets it.
Cathy recently visited India.
However, Oliver can't stand Blue!
This was a big issue as Daniel needed to keep track of time.
Grandma put the knitting kit to good use.
Within a month, it was living in Olaf's apartment!
Tom felt crushed.
So he prayed for snow.
Finally Joan legally adopted the Dog and now they're friends for life.
He entered the stadium and found his seat.
He really enjoyed the biscuits.
Kelly wanted to look for a new job.
Paolo is very happy that he has learned a sport.
Sydney and Luis had been dating for a while.
Now he's facing jail time and thousands in fines.
They stayed in a hotel where the rooms were in old railroad cars.
At the risk of looking too bold, Daniel went all in.
After two years, the pear tree finally developed fruit.
So she decided to go to a church service.
As a gift, she decided to bake her a cake.
Suddenly, at 2 am, he heard noises.
Lisa was going to a rock concert.
Jacob agreed with his sister that this Sunday was very boring.
He asked a few of his friends.
She had to go to the hospital.
She had to go to the hospital.
She had to go to the hospital.
Jason's small business let you monitor cell phones and computers.
Then Rodriguez was able to read on his kindle.
Neither could agree on anything.
Steve's car kept breaking down.
Trina's daughter was left with nothing.
Laura wanted to go to the mall with me one day.
He felt his belly with his hand.
Dan went to a family party with his mom.
He went home to his mom.
He drove it there at full speed until the end of the day.
They went to 17 different stores looking for all the gifts.
After several conversations, Barry and the woman agreed to a date.
It took them hours to find their way back.
Gordo loses his job.
My granddaughter's day care is celebrating Chinese New Year.
The job would mean more pay and a new location.
Then, she realized that the sale was very restrictive.
After paying a five hundred dollar fee, they let me keep my dog.
I was furious but I still stayed.
Teresa invited her relatives over for dinner.
She forgot to pay her rent before she left town.
The boys were cooking their dinner at the campfire.
Lon was running on a nature trail.
Fred was going on a long road trip.
Soon he had found his way back to camp.
Charlie wanted to go see a broadway musical.
He really wanted food.
He felt terrible because he had no money.
He sought advice from his chef.
On the 18th hole, the pro golfer stood at the tee.
I wished Birdy a heart happy birthday on Facebook today.
Cody decides to purchase the farm.
I observed the deals and found a few choices.
She was really mad at me for forgetting.
Yet, he remained asleep.
She couldn't wait to go back.
The boat went very fast.
When she received it she was thrilled.
He read about a number of influential people.
She told her mom.
To respect their different tastes, they went to both concerts.
Sally had a friend who wanted to set her up on a blind date.
One day the ball went over another neighbor's fence.
Tom decided to try electro shock therapy.
At 32 he lost everything, his house, his wife, and his job.
As they left they all agreed it was a great place.
He decided to go to the financial aid office at his school.
Jenny liked fresh fish.
Until she dropped it.
Jennifer has a cat that ripped a few window screens.
The restaurant didn't have any.
He flirted with her one day after their course in college.
She felt awkward with the silence.
Last year I stayed in Martha's Vineyard.
He agreed to pay her more.
Sonny liked weightlifting in his spare time.
She went to school smelling awful.
I went to my Senior prom.
The Johnson's switched from Jake to a new agent.
They picked a random flick to watch.
I checked and the air conditioner was on.
And when I looked at how much I wasted I felt regretful.
Some ants found it.
Last week, I hired a home care attendant for my father named Lois.
By the third day, she really missed home.
My fingers were too short to reach all the keys I needed to.
Kayla was entering high school.
Fortunately, a company he interviewed with wants to hire him.
He slowed down quite a bit upon approaching a sloping corner.
They had been sitting on the swings for 2 hours.
She took the milk and waited in line.
Her son finds a rehab facility that accepts her insurance.
Liz is happy that she has changed her habits.
His older one had broken.
He would buy all the components for cheap and then construct them.
She was in the corner because nobody asked her to dance.
A nurse noticed Tom's frown and left him a happy face balloon.
Then he realized he wasn't hungry anymore.
The first smart thing he did in three years was to quit that game.
While scrumming through the trash he sees a bag.
I really miss living by that lake and seeing those ducks!
Ralf loved Christmas time.
Cody liked the way a chess board looked.
Finally, she was able to masterfully perform the yoyo trick!
It claimed to be sourced from organic tobacco.
He realized he forgot his wallet.
The couple went on a date.
She ran out to the store and bought some medicine.
She went to a salon and requested an elegant up-do.
He spotted an orange on the kitchen table.
On her birthday, she received a box with holes in it and a red ribbon.
My mom and I went to buy bread once.
Amy agreed to go on a date with Jack.
Vince and his wife went to the top of the empire state building.
Suzy was having trouble finding a job.
He invited them to see his photos of China sometime.
Liza was playing volleyball at her college.
She got all dolled up and performed in her first pageant.
He went to Craig's List and looked over the job listings.
She decided to move closer to the beach.
The blue and red lit up his car as he pulled over.
Last week I saw a photo of a store in Boston's Chinatown.
Emily was afraid to learn to ride a bike.
Lisa wanted so badly to be apart of her school's debate team.
Jose went to an amusement park with his family.
Terry received an F a week later.
I went to see a doctor.
They set out to look for it.
Shay bribed her with candy to keep the bows in her hair.
Meticulously, he followed her written directions.
With her help, Kelly looked beautiful for her wedding.
Wanda had always wanted to teach horseback riding.
He couldn't wait to sightsee!
They sat in angry silence for an hour after the second stop.
Who doesn't love pizza?
He got the part within days.
Eric found some tools and began to look for instructions.
Hailey wants a bohemian dress for her back to school wardrobe.
He then went to the local store, but it too was empty.
She put the colors in different washers and put coins in to pay.
She also answered the phones.
Ken lost a lot of money over time.
Phil is feeling bored one day.
Dave lost his wallet but had a trip to see his father that day.
They wanted a home of their own, despite high costs and few savings.
Matt was embarrassed and looked away.
We went to play pool after our exams.
She puked it all up and knew she was sick from the food.
The catcher had the ball, waiting to tag the runner out.
While his parents were away, he drove the family car.
Within a few days his new furniture arrived and he really liked it a l.
Providence came back and won the game in the final minutes.
He liked to imagine sailing on the ocean and brandishing a sword.
I want my terrible old phone back instead.
But then she realized there was a closer one.
She ate it quickly and licked her fingers.
It shut down in the middle of the road.
When he had enough, his uncle took him to buy a board of his own.
Ann wanted to redo her bedroom.
Cal couldn't find his keys.
He went to a doctor.
Sarah went home to practice the dance.
Really, she was a girly girl and just liked domesticity!
I saw an interesting wooden box with cards in it.
He lost all of his money in the lawsuit.
Today my wife and I sat out on the bench.
One carrier recognized a big opportunity, and funded app development.
Dean was preparing for a presentation at work.
But she was enjoying being cooler than her friends.
She saw that there was green mold on the shredded cheese!
I lied to her but she saw through me.
Abby decided she would search online for free shipping coupon codes.
He was sure going to miss him.
Logan went to the toy store.
Karen and her friend went to the park.
He pulled on it to test for strength.
He had so much fun he forgot about the storm.
Elaine was feeling down about herself.
Paco woke up with an earache.
I took advantage of the sale and spent my afternoon flying a kite.
The short man cursed at the associate for being so rude.
Sheena was looking for something new for her china cabinet.
He arrests the prisoner who also turned out to be the robber.
It only sold vintage clothes and accessories.
Jay went to the director to ask to be an extra.
I let it go.
Once it was dark, we watched fireworks.
I finally got my PHD.
Augustus started a new job he couldn't meet with her as much.
She cried.
She needed a filling.
I went to the store yesterday.
Michael was a plumber who hated his job.
Uncle Henry died and our extended family vowed to keep in touch.
We were worried we would get sick.
The weather had gotten cold enough overnight to sweeten them.
She met up with her friend Beth halfway to school.
One day he found a stray cat.
Jasper was happy he had left the city for the day.
But it gave her a terrible stomachache.
I was very disappointed but I cleaned it up.
Mary wanted a light snack.
I have never seen those kind of dunks before in my life!
He found some leftovers from a restaurant.
Bill loved to hunt.
Ivy's pregnancy was going well.
He saw a homeless man resting on the corner.
He quickly looked over it to see if it was clean.
She prayed there would be no cars at the intersection.
Finch found a new lake and caught many more fish.
Madonna spent the night in a holding cell and lost her cigarettes.
Little Finn was putting away his toys.
When she washed the shorts the stain was gone.
He couldn't figure out why nobody wanted any.
Her brother Cam wanted to watch a baseball game.
Finally, I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog.
We could not start the car.
I jumped off the cliff.
She served them to her family with a smile on her face.
Rita loved being outdoors.
I looked online for opportunities.
I could smell it all the way into the living room.
Henry's dog ran off after something.
Nicole posted a nude photo of herself to an anonymous account.
I've never been back, but still dream about that place.
Ana needed gas in her car.
Amy felt uncomfortable.
Nora lived in an old house.
One day he turned his eyes away from it for a second.
But he accidentally put too much cereal in his bowl.
But then doctor presented them with twins - a boy and a girl!
John was stranded on top of a building waiting for the rescue.
Kate disliked the co-worker who sat next to her.
He learned that art was a way to express oneself.
Hayes was able to watch the new movie.
When Allie liked her present, her friend was happy.
When her mom saw she was very angry.
She got a team together and built a good one.
Connie fondly remembers going to church when she was a kid.
She went to the shelter, but none of them seemed right.
During the test she got caught looking at another kids paper.
She figured the snake was dead, so she placed it outside.
Wendy went to the movies.
Tom decided to buy a back up battery.
We went to the fair last night.
I could not believe how flexible they are.
After some research, Calub bought a camera.
He tried to use them to purchase a bicycle.
Matthew's sandwich was missing from his lunchbox.
Both girls were suspended from school.
Bill fell asleep at a party after one too many drinks.
Sarah realized teaching was her calling.
A kind cashier took him to the front and paged his mom.
One day he set the price of one barcode for only a dollar.
When it rained the roof would leak pretty badly.
When they arrived they saw a colorful city.
His table was so amazing that his friends wanted to buy it!
Her entire arm swelled and reddened!
Ellie dreaded the new school year starting and she hated shopping.
One of the first video games I played was super mario.
We called ourselves Boomer and Lucky Strike.
Kathy could not find her chihuahua anywhere.
He saw a rat.
He agreed that he understood.
He wondered if he would be next.
Josh was pet sitting his neighbor's dog.
One day her mother surprised her and showed up with a lot of catfish!
Thomas had always wanted to captain a boat.
She hated every single day of college.
The Smith family finally arrived at the beach after a long trip.
Suddenly, I heard a loud explosion and saw fire from the old lighters.
A Star Trek convention was being held near a Star Wars convention.
Kassidy and Bill moved in together after college.
It was a drawing of a sad child holding a knife.
She deliberately hit her head today.
Alicia was excited to get a new neighbor.
She also missed her period.
The Thomas family likes to go to the Cape every summer.
She was waiting for the letter back.
She swore she wouldn't see sad movies in the theater anymore.
But we were going in opposite directions.
She read it all the way through.
She goes up to Tim the next day and asks him to the dance.
She did not like going there at all.
I had heard the movie was terrifying.
Suddenly the electricity went off.
Jim loved to read the newspaper.
He went to a showing for a different movie in the theater.
A man in the stands saw his dedication.
The chairs all broke and the guests fell on the floor.
Brent found himself worrying a lot about the course.
He is waiting for the woman of his dreams.
One of these days he will be famous!
He went to the mall.
He noticed some lucky numbers from his fortune cookie.
A woman had paid for the rest of John's transaction.
Her co-workers were going out for lunch.
He came up with an act and decided he was ready.
I put her on a leash.
I went to the bookstore to find the book.
Clyde was feeling a bit under the weather.
So Tommy played near it.
She looked around her house for it.
So, Jim started feeding the cat scraps of meat.
Gina had never experienced such discomfort.
Next she removed and replaced one fourth of the water.
During the class I was able to answer most of the teacher's questions.
He accidentally let it out.
At a treat he and his mom went to get ice cream for all of his effort.
But when he arrived there, there was an accident.
I put on a pair of white tights.
The next day, the same thing happened with the cat.
Rin wanted to keep all the money inside.
She went to a salon that specialized in hair extensions.
She saw a poor little boy outside the store.
My parents let my brother order pancakes and root beer.
There was so many cool sites to see.
Lucy is a stay at home mom who likes clothes.
He never went to work with the flu again.
Susan's family stayed in the hotel.
But the girls followed her yelling the whole time.
She fell many times, but eventually she figured it out.
We missed the bus and had to get on a later shuttle.
Bill was able to lose 10 pounds in a week.
Kay was downtown on business and needed things for the house.
Zee loved her cellphone and took it everywhere with her.
She wandered across the country for several weeks.
He hated being gone all the time.
My wife saw a photo of our granddaughter on Instagram.
I finally found a pdf copy online.
She was so happy she cried.
Kaya and her dad went to play paintball one afternoon.
The patrons seemed to enjoy the music.
But then she saw what drudgery acting really was.
She found her way back safely!
Two weeks later, I couldn't find the tree.
With some more work, Bob expects to supplement his favorite pastime!
He found a great price on plane tickets.
Sherita inherited thousands of dollars from her grandmother.
Vlad knew that the bigger electricity systems would be more exciting.
Nikki went home and cried.
But Kevin had a car accident and his wife and daughter died.
Tricia was standing in line.
Sarah saw a library across the street.
We let the other duck live at the park for his own safety.
Sam honked his horn.
Diva never went into the garden again.
I saw a kiwi.
She was immensely surprised to like the taste.
The doctor prescribed her allergy medication.
Rachel then remembered how busy she is.
I watched foreign movies like Battleship Potemkin and 8 1/2.
I had to experience it.
Amy made it but Beth gave up halfway to the top.
Thanks to the stroller, Kayla would have a much easier time traveling.
Tina needed some textbooks.
Wendy hated her freckles.
The bright porch lights attracted many months.
A loud noise happened in the next room.
Aaron was excited to receive his birthday present from Karen.
Suddenly he saw a car on fire.
She died her hair blue.
Tom's friend agreed it was an amazing sandwich.
She wanted to customize it.
She had never seen anything so beautiful!
She decided to try a maternity yoga class.
Our two year old granddaughter is getting potty trained.
Olivia and Liam went to their favorite restaurant.
Always around Christmas time they would display them.
When he comes home, he is very tired.
We bought incense, candles, and paper money for the April 4th event.
His mom didn't like the video game.
Nobody really replied to his ads.
One day Noah go sick and had to go to the veterinarian.
He went into the store looking for a purple shirt.
When she sat down to take the exam, her mind went blank.
Texas won the game in double overtime.
He was nervous but things went well.
Ron met that men in a music retail store and research his history.
Joyce wanted to get a dog.
Then she got out and picked a few ears.
The people she works with are discriminating against her.
She received terrible grades during midterms.
I received two cigars yesterday.
Kelly decided to have a Halloween party.
A couple wanted to go to a concert.
Nicole landed on an earwax flavored jelly bean.
He had many meetings scheduled with a well known mob boss.
My mother put my hair in pigtails.
The boy counted to ten.
Horace realizes that his closet has become cluttered with stuff.
Tyler survives a huge wave.
After we paid, I saw a survey form.
I went to the grocery store to purchase all of the groceries.
I lent Joe money until his next paycheck.
I was resting with some friends during a dance.
Peter was buying presents for his kids.
Was the only one in his family to go to college.
Meg bought a new home.
They pulled and pulled.
He went to the garage to find a link of chain.
We dumped it into the kid pool.
When they were done, they looked up in amazement.
Sadly her parents couldn't afford to send her to college.
Doug tells everyone he hates the holidays.
We put our stuff in the car.
He felt that he was invulnerable when he had his gun.
And by the end of the day, he only had a few lines of code written.
A year after that I found the plan and reflected on it.
Now he is in Debbie's office needing help, but he needs a career.
Tim graduated from high school.
Later I learned that she thought I was too smart.
She left her baby in the car.
And she landed two meters away from it, unscathed.
Her phone was broken.
Every year my family and I go to Disney.
Kelly decided she needed to learn the Pledge of Allegiance.
Louis noticed a homeless person in his building lobby.
John wanted the latest new video game.
Her parents believed she was too young for such responsibility.
A tornado had been spotted.
Jonas always desired to go to the races.
Joe drove past the flashing police light very slowly.
The woman put some cookies in the oven.
She practiced hard for many weeks.
Nestor found work as a baseball umpire.
At work, none of her coworkers even mentioned it.
They became friends and Louis changed his view about black people.
At the doctor he receives news.
Julia wanted to make chicken noodle soup.
Rob wanted to watch a movie with his girlfriend.
Joe and Andrew had an argument about who can eat the most wings.
One friend brought a plate tub of macaroni.
My mom told me to boil some rice.
She remembered something important from her childhood!
One day, Claude went missing.
After 3 hours Beth was tired, hungry, and wanted to go home.
He worked hard in school.
I could not find it.
When they arrived, they checked in at a luxurious hotel.
She heard there was an open call for Annie.
In that moment Jen wished to be a butterfly.
She admired the sparkle of the gem stones.
I walked into the bathroom and stepped on the glass.
He was convinced into playing once.
In death, they had stayed away from him as well.
It ended up falling out.
Bill had no idea what to do or what happened.
Three friends went on vacation to Las Vegas.
Jenny hated her new nose!
I sit on the bench in front of our building to read in the afternoon.
Peter had to leave Africa to get medical treatment at home.
I was unsure how to follow the instructions.
She has a degree but hasn't used it.
They wanted $4 nachos but each only had $2.
But she knew it wasn't good for her.
Stephanie loved yogurt.
She was having fun reading her book.
Evan wanted to join a fraternity.
His wife had ran out and really needed them.
Tammy was trying to sleep in her bed.
They were playing the same videos from earlier.
He left her a ten dollar tip on a six dollar tab.
Tom was not looking forward to the SAT test.
Rachel flew her kite all afternoon until it got too dark.
He found somewhere to record.
Theresa was very happy to receive such an honor.
She went to the tanning salon to get it done.
They were going to have the most beautiful yard in town!
Joe was arrested for fraud.
Fran was going to a family reunion.
The fabric seemed to be very long.
George was looking for a way to earn some extra money.
They were expecting their first child very soon.
He began looking in ads for a new apartment.
I knew I needed sandpaper to start my project.
The produce looked great and many people left with full bags.
I really enjoyed it, as it kept me in shape.
Scott answered that he was just being friendly.
Talia felt embarrassed and started to cry.
i hated school when i was younger.
They went to beijing first.
Jenny went ice skating with her friends.
Jim sat in his tree stand.
She put on her clothes and shoes then out the door she went.
Our apartment overlooks Fresh Pond.
I purchased tickets online for my family.
I went to the pet shop.
She remembered something soon after.
Shawn went to prom by himself and had a great time after all.
I wish I had gone back to school earlier.
They are as loving and perfect as one can imagine.
There was a girl who had never met her mother.
His son refused the sandwich.
It was somewhat scary and complicated to follow.
She began to dread seeing him.
Sally lost her client because of the traffic.
He then received a call saying someone saw his dog at the park.
Ava got her navel pierced.
We lived in different cities so I had to send something online.
She wanted to try something new with them.
She ended up spraining her ankle
Afterwards, they all told him how well he had performed!
But Tim was a nice man and decided to feed the birds himself.
She got angry and broke all his guitars.
The hitchhiker was wanted for murder in three locations.
Everyone felt relieved that there wasn't more damage.
He thought it would be fun.
Ana went to the liquor store.
Someone agreed to give him a jump.
She had a friend who wanted to sell his new puppy.
I was sitting in my symbolic logic class.
Last Saturday we went to dim sum in Chinatown.
He goes in closer to check it out.
Bob and Lisa were a couple who wanted to learn the Tango.
She finished her meal and then she began to itch all over her body.
He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling.
Dawn only had four years left of school.
Joey heard that several people had died in the snowstorm.
She really missed her family and friends.
They never spotted a snipe.
The manager asked her a few questions.
He see's a pretty girl stand in line behind him.
I thought it was frozen food.
My dog was bored.
One day Paula went out of town.
Then they saw two zebras in an open field mating in front of everyone!
Her mom Lee was still grieving for her husband.
He found another trail to hike.
They were serving cake.
I was finally going to find my happiness.
They kept score on the first few games.
I found the campsite by following the voice of my brothers singing.
They waited quietly behind a bush for the girls to go by.
They went all over downtown applying together.
I opened up the file.
Spencer and Sarah wanted a baby.
Rob went to the beach for a day of fun.
Before he knew it he lost thousands of dollars.
His friend found Luke there.
Unfortunately he didn't have a job.
She liked dirt cola just as much as regular!
Mike eventually felt it.
Tom wasn't able to stay very warm.
Gina had a report for school she needed to finish.
They stopped at the door and chatted for awhile.
She got everything she needed in one store.
Although she loved the cute kittens she didn't have room for them.
Brian has been depressed about it for weeks.
She noticed something foul smelling in the sink.
Unfortunately he went against a real fighter.
June had a cat named Jasper.
They began to play.
He was finally able to quit.
Now he sits on his computer night and day.
Her landlord told her it was not necessary.
He saw two glowing eyes staring back at him, and he went back to bed.
He was pulled from the game
They increased the gravity using centripetal force.
Today there wasn't a line, just a single person waiting.
So Jaclyn made up her mind to start getting back in shape.
Lisa felt very secure behind the gate.
Thankfully I am feeling slightly better.
Lucy and her friend Gina were looking for something to do.
Cathy recently went to the county fair.
His mother noticed Frank was missing.
Next, she applied to college and financial aid.
The child was wide awake but he was crying and very filthy.
The city was far from home and felt very exotic.
Without her camera she cannot make money.
They ruined his hair.
It wasn't long before they found some bowls and plates that were old.
When he arrived home he began to work on the coloring book.
She found a magic trick book in the den.
She gathered chips and punch and added them.
Eli predicted the stock market trends on a lark.
One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street.
After a month it became much easier and Tracy was proud of herself.
Once while on a dig Daniel found a large stone ring.
He's been staying at home all week.
They put the trampoline together and the kids were very excited.
Carl had to switch back to wearing glasses.
Ellie tried carrying Joey to her car but he was too heavy.
Her friend agreed.
Ben set up a picnic at the beach with his girlfriend.
We once went to Virginia Beach for vacation.
He planted grass seeds.
It always wastes my time.
The lifeguard heard the noise.
Lacy realized just how invasive second hand smoke was.
Now she wished she had a coat.
Ursula received a fur coat from her husband on their anniversary.
Phil lost his phone.
There was a big math test coming up soon.
She put them in her closet as a goal.
To her delight, Stacey saw her favorite celebrities.
And she did tons of work and chores.
The teacher was never going to believe him!
He had stayed up all night.
He rests at the top.
I sat next the prettiest girl in class.
I couldn't wait to go home.
Tom asked her to pick up some fast food.
They kept playing for hours.
We took our camper and stayed in a campground.
Jeannie always wanted to take a trip to the jungle.
I wanted a more comfortable bed.
Michelle then received her dream job as a dietician.
Jack has wanted to cook all his life.
He had to keep it in a hutch outside but he played with her every day.
The helmet felt better on his head.
They enjoyed a long and devoted relationship thereafter.
And she wanted to impress them anyway she could.
John's whole hand swelled up terribly.
Victoria wished she had money.
Tom enjoyed the show immensely.
They both went into the haunted house.
The girls went into the woods to start looking.
She waited in line until it was her turn.
Tom was walking home at night.
A drunk driver blind-sided him, but Bob's briefcase was unscathed.
There happened to be another Florence in the Library.
By the age of 40, she figured out a new method.
She was excited to find out her baby's gender.
Then her mom babysat her infant son, and Anna caught a few glimpses.
All the time, I've been saving for a big trip.
Gina ordered a pizza for pickup.
The couple slept more at ease, having no food to attract bears.
My mother was cleaning the stove.
His friend Ian is sleeping  over.
Jamie was never able to afford a Christmas gift for her parents.
He mounted his riding lawnmower and took it around the yard.
Susan wanted to repaint her bedroom.
He read through the incredibly technical stuff.
But each time she saw him she knew she liked him.
He wanted to go to the casino there.
One day, Jane was hit by a car while riding her bike.
She made him a card.
Instead, they bought him a smaller, cheaper tablet.
Jerry was talking to the family.
I'm happy for them, they both deserve it.
Ken lost the money and learned a lesson.
I dreamed of having a baby when i was in college.
As she got on, she immediately lost balance and fell.
For some reason it wouldn't go down.
He had always wanted one but his mom said no.
Fran had invited Allie to lunch on a yacht.
Kate and her friend Jule were going to Las Vegas.
I will cherish the photo forever.
The mechanic found a leak.
The girl and her friends got mad and a fight started.
He recognized the dog as the one he had seen earlier on a poster.
Jake cleaned up the mess afterwards with a vacuum.
I went for a bike ride.
It occurred to her that she could be pregnant.
Cindy went to the grocery store.
Finally she put a star on top.
The only side effect was that she was haunted by the worst nightmares.
They learned programming.
Joe's teacher found out.
Kim bought the cards, and hid them from her parents.
He found some old meat in the freezer.
Tickets were expensive, but he was happy to pay.
Now Jennifer puts on cream once every week.
I opened it and started to prepare one of the dishes.
It was Saturday and Amy hadn't heard from Ray.
Jane was going to parent teacher conferences for her son Dan.
Soon she could afford a new car!
Jim and Amy had a great time watching all the cartoon character floats.
We really enjoyed the play and the attention.
She laid in her bed exhausted, but felt good about her day.
She could afford college for both of them- entirely!
After dinner Gina was stuffed.
She hates the bus.
The man agreed.
The man agreed.
We agreed completely on the subject.
He knows he has to do something about it.
She ended up scraping her knee.
He invites my over and we watch them.
I took our dog with us.
We rooted for our team to win the pennant.
He needed his teeth clean.
Once I was home, I was smelling good!
Now he can ride his bike anywhere he wants to.
My fiancee and I are planning our wedding for this coming spring.
Garth was very disappointed and left the lake.
Yet, I'm hesitant to put out my trash.
I was feeling adventurous so I put pepperoni in my eggs.
Jessica put on the show of her life in order to please the crowd.
Julie came to work with an idea to renovate the office.
Will drafted up some ideas for the newest Apple product.
The man grew out his hair.
Recently, Ellen discovered rabbits eating her vegetables.
He looked down and saw a baby bird on the ground.
Ora was so happy that she never had to go to the laundromat anymore!
Bobby wanted to stay in the air conditioning.
Sandy was excited to go Speed Dating.
She found a nice job as a digital services representative.
Tom suddenly learned his father had cancer.
Billy enjoyed watching wrestling with his dad.
Later that week he received the highest results in his class.
Rowan had the front lawn all dug up and muddy.
When she got the burn she put it on.
She wanted to be an intern.
Jake's girlfriend was watching a scary movie.
She went to the ocean.
He went to the nursery.
Jean went ice fishing on the lake in the winter.
Moments later she noticed a groundhog peeking out from under the shed.
She tells her boss she is taking two weeks off for a trip.
Zach plays the drums in the orchestra.
I looked on FB for her dorm.
Tony was out playing with friends.
Tina saw that Beth had new shoes.
Anthony's new friend was a rich lawyer and invited Anthony out.
Unfortunately she was embarrassed of how'd she look.
Unfortunately, his girlfriend had found a new boyfriend.
The party didn't end until 2 am.
In the morning, we heard meowing coming from the garage.
While watching the movie, his girlfriend calls repeatedly.
Mary found that she was pregnant.
Susie was about to get her first kiss.
Marco is feeling bored one day.
Anna's family went strawberry picking.
She stayed under her bed all night.
We decided to attend my senior prom.
With tears in my eyes I threw my arms around her for a hug.
She served the ball.
Tim had to get a new pair.
She worried that the customs might be strange.
They dated for several months.
Carl made a cutting board in his basement woodshop.
Steven was good at memorizing words really fast.
He wondered why none of his friends had invited him out.
He went to the park after a big rain.
Andrew needed a new haircut for work.
Robert wanted to go on a vacation.
He put a quarter in the claw machine.
Five people all got into the tiny hot tub.
Then I let them go.
He answered all the questions on the test.
Kelly and her family liked them a lot.
He fell asleep.
The first thing he did was buy a lot of ice cream.
He was invited to a bowling tournament in his home town.
Joan went to her weekly yoga class at 9 am.
Kim got on the highway since she wanted to get home.
I wanted green grass like everyone else.
The campfire had died down.
My guests enjoyed the meatloaf for Thanksgiving dinner!
She had been planning it for awhile.
His boss wanted everything first thing in the morning.
I went to MLB tv and subscribed.
Jeremy wants some tea.
Helen wanted to play baseball like her big brother.
All of the cables were in a tangled mess!
Allana was experiencing a lot of back pain.
But when she arrived, she sat that it looked quite fun.
I asked Mary why she bought so much food.
He borrowed notes from a friend to study.
Nina went off to college across the country.
After dinner, they revealed that she had thoroughly impressed them!
One day Jack saw the bully waiting outside of his house.
The kids missed the bus and were late to school.
He went to the signing in Los Angeles and waited in line.
Someone found his dog and put him in the pound!
I'll never substitute ingredients again.
Ashley made a fabulous ghost costume out of the sheet.
He had not done as well as expected on the tests.
She was shocked when she found a diamond ring in the sand!
The team that was ahead lost their quarterback.
Then, his mother found chocolate vanilla ice cream.
No one feels sorry for him.
A helicopter stopped in the air and warned him to not run.
He learned that they were playing nearby.
In the evening, he went for a short walk.
Josie picked a pretty teal color to get.
Dad puts bacon in his beans.
Allie loved babysitting and playing with children.
Sam's teacher asked the class what their dads did for a living.
Jack's mom planned to make chocolate cake, his favorite!
Ted looked at their restraints and saw that they were loose.
Unfortunately, it failed and she continued having a very bad game.
Meg wanted to be on the school softball team with her friends.
She got her keys and left to go to the grocery store.
I bought a new laptop from the shop instead.
Ben was so excited on the day the old man arrived.
Now Andy owns an ice cream shop in a small town and is very happy.
Lydia was grateful for four wheel drive when they arrived home safely.
To her shock and joy, Even accepted her offer quickly and gladly!
Dan could not wait to see his new hair on his head.
When she had enough she went shopping.
Despite all the responsibility, Alex welcomed his new pet.
When they arrived at the park it began to rain.
He could make many animals or designs.
Her rate was too low the technician explained.
She looked online and found some headphones she liked.
The weather forecast predicted rain.
A Chinatown organization sponsored the trip.
As the crowd cleared Gina noticed her sisters guilty expression.
We all learned that I had terrible vision.
He went into the kitchen and found peanuts.
Tim missed a putt, so he had a chance.
And he forgot all about his lack of cream cheese.
The cubs were now able to climb out.
She doesn't have enough time to take all of the tests for every job.
Denise was shocked at the amount of people who wanted blonde hair.
He waited until he didn't have his cell phone on him.
The American regretted not doing more research before buying a ticket.
Carla finally blocked his number.
The ice had been made with regular tap water!
She felt terrible all day and went to take a nap.
Dudley gasps when he looks at his car.
Nancy was sad but knew he was no longer in pain.
Her friends helped her anyway they could and she was happy.
Dana felt out of place as a white guy at a show with mostly blacks.
We went into a calm tunnel.
She wanted to relax.
She was sad all night and in the morning checked in the office.
Dan's brother had the Power Wheels truck Dan always wanted.
Someone put a gun in Sherries bag and she missed the flight.
The associate laughed because it was funny to hear such a man curse.
Abby could not believe how high the temperatures were today.
His wife was horrified.
Because she heard strange noises Tessa stayed awake.
Henry finally finds an online dating service.
Ora wanted a kitty for Hanukkah.
She ran back home to hide it.
Finally Rex was able to begin playing hockey.
They told him the problem and he rectified it immediately.
She talked to all the people she loved to ask for advice.
Gina returned to the classroom in the morning.
Luckily, I received a refund since I've kept the purchase receipt.
Terry went to the local bar.
I was still unable to find comfort and style.
She wanted each one to be perfect.
Karl now wishes to be a professional race car driver.
In the morning, she collected the traps and took them outdoors.
My school account states that I owed $500 dollars.
We stay at one of the resorts right on the grounds.
Before my guests arrived I put on my nice, new red dress.
I beat him in three games and lost one.
The house alarm went off.
She had the surgery done at the dentist office.
The worker in red hit him on the head with her ladle.
After 5 months he finally had enough saved up and went to the store.
Sally invited her new friend over to play after school.
She misread the instructions and used the wrong amount of butter.
She could see over the fence into the neighbor's yard.
She was so excited to see her new baby in the new bedroom!
The representative said we needed Xfinity internet service.
They didn't speak for days after that.
I heard a roar.
Tom began wearing facial lotion everyday.
She also really hated doing all of the dishes.
She then batted my foot.
Every summer we would set up a Lemonade stand.
The three of us climbed inside with a flashlight.
I was forced to eat the buttery popcorn.
The year of my 12th birthday she sent a fruitcake.
He realized it was his indigestion.
Mary walked home from school after a long day.
Ollie's new puppy doesn't know how to climb steps.
Ed spotted an alligator.
The Chicago Bulls went 72-10 one season on their way to a title.
Eric was interested in his family's history of designing cars.
In the finals of the spelling bee there were two students left.
I immediately asked her to return him.
She nodded her head to the music.
He booked a flight to the jungle.
She saw a dollar bill on the ground.
Her dentist told her she had to undergo surgery.
I mean learning in general.
I really wanted a part in the school play.
Tim was very happy to receive the tip.
She liked it a lot.
Sleeping in the mud and rainy had given Cecily the flu.
In adulthood, he had a hard time trusting women.
Amy wished, in fact, that she could just forget about it altogether.
They felt horrible all night, but in the morning they felt better.
Finally I arrived at a store and went inside.
She found a matching button and sewed it on.
He often mentioned them during movies and tv shows.
Bill house sits for his rich friend.
Charles wanted a Macintosh computer but couldn't afford one.
Brandon saw an ad where his favorite band was coming to town.
When she walked away after awhile she smelled something bad.
Vera was vigilant about keeping the carpet spotless.
Lea was excited to go to her first football party today at Joe's.
I chose a moderate activity one.
Her children cried about having to put their favorite ornaments away.
Jason went to the doctors.
Tina really wanted to have some.
The amount was twenty dollars more than what Gus was quoted.
Sean was from Texas but living in Oregon.
I had a stroke and need special shoes.
They also took photos at every state line.
So I went over to their place and borrowed some wrenches.
Her month was looking very full!
Finally she saw the puppy in her backyard hiding.
His brother let him go.
However, once it is clean, Dustin feels much better.
Amy wanted a new Fossil watch for her birthday.
Alan had been hearing noises at night.
One day he found an online outlet that catered to large-footed people.
Afterwards they went to Sam's apartment.
I am selling it for ninety nine cents.
Bret really wanted to see the midnight release of a new movie.
Luckily that seemed to be sufficient.
He did well by the end of the night.
But Jon liked his life exactly the way it was.
Then I could go up the hill.
They did not talk for the next 20 years.
John has had trouble sleeping all week.
She spent the rest of the day playing with the box.
Kate and Liz were going on a road trip.
Joe decided he better skip the party and write his paper.
Tom liked the first and was excited for the sequel.
The neighbor looked bewildered, and pointed at his badge.
Sarah attacked him in a dark alley.
Three months later he had a missed call from his ex.
Tom's date disagreed and turned him down.
Anna found a big toad in the road outside her house.
Ken wanted a girlfriend.
He lost the match within one minute!
Elaine found the procedure surprisingly straightforward and clinical.
Suddenly, the boy looks around and his dog was gone.
I wanted to experience skydiving once in my life.
The therapist started becoming a mite bit nervous.
Kito and his mom wanted milkshakes.
Abby accepted the invitation, and were on their way to Seattle.
She found a turtle in her yard.
I looked around, but there were no new puppies in my area.
She also missed it since there was several traffic on the road.
The machine accepted his key.
I went to the beach today.
He had worked there five years.
So Victoria put on her leotard and tutu.
Dan realized the battery in it had died.
He heard a loud crash in his living room.
Her order would cost much more now.
A big storm with dark clouds blew in.
Suddenly she realized it had been too long.
He had to drive very fast to the meeting.
Her friend, Beth, showed her how to do all the poses.
Jim tried calling his sister but no response.
She looks online and books a flight to Florida.
My girlfriend and I went to my mom's house.
She was in charge of taking care of the penguins.
Overall, he was excited to go back to school.
Sue and her friends were excited to have a spa day to relax.
After a while his friends stopped eating out with him.
She knows he needs a way to relax more.
He lost his health insurance.
To my right and to my left I could only see a blur of people.
He studied hard for it.
The man suffered a fracture.
One day Michael really needed some cash.
I started researching charities in the area.
Suddenly, the boy felt a spark of excitement and elation.
He went to visit his mother at her house.
Ricky really wanted breakfast.
Her nanny did not want to go.
He misread the time on the recipe and left it in too long.
She fainted anytime she had her blood drawn.
The wife felt physically ill.
Paul realized the toy needed batteries.
Dave didn't know that the movie was silent.
His books just sat on his bookshelf, though some were in and out.
They talked and seemed to hit it off.
Anna found out she could not have kids.
He lost track of his phone.
I slept blissfully until my alarm went off an hour later.
Kevin was hearing noises in his house.
He found the perfect sleigh bed!
A guy grabbed her butt.
He waited until 10 PM before looking at it.
Ben slept throughout the entire afternoon.
He died from a heart attack.
The yard is looking a little sparse in many areas.
The girl never learned to spell the word correctly.
Jeff discovered what he wanted to do with his life.
She saved her every cent she earned.
Tanya needed more money.
Lara was late for school and missed her exam.
I walked up to a lady selling glasses.
I felt like it was too boring.
Greg suffered through his worst game performance ever that night.
But Cage knew he had a deeper, earthier, more artsy calling.
Jerry was running a bookstore.
Jennifer sat patiently and watched the whole show.
When the salt water it she realized it wasn't.
Ryan liked the shark pencil case.
When David left the store he was very pleased with his new phone!
Annie said yes and the two have been inseparable since then.
He explained to his classmates that he once visited this place.
Tim saw his grip strength increase and was pleased with his decision.
She was afraid that the other kids would look at her differently.
The dog got excited.
Frida laid out on the beach for hours and read a book.
Taylor was sad to be leaving middle school for High school.
Lisa had just finished up shopping.
Amy had a watch that everyone liked.
My daughter said Lori always had trouble managing her money.
But she ended up getting a sore wrist the week before her recital.
She had to go over her maps several times.
He got up and tried to be more careful from now on.
She remembered putting it in there weeks ago.
The customer service agent agreed with her assessment.
Sam quickly went broke.
He found an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln.
Anne needed a bouquet of flowers for her wedding.
At the store, I saw some oranges for sale.
Tom decided to not drink as much anymore.
Ted's neighbor was not happy to be watched by his drone.
When he arrived he put the magazines on the counter.
Jan wanted a new purse.
Caleb waited for his friends as they rode the ride.
To her surprise, she liked her hair.
Joe was finally put on the field during a football game.
The kitten found something brown and squishy.
Dan's mother passed away after suffering for years from cancer.
And afterwards she no longer trusted celebrities.
Knia married her love and adjusted to a whole new way of life in KSA.
Keith left the cash in his car.
He was respected in his field.
Allie asked her parents why she never got a gift.
They put on old clothes and boots.
Soon, he could do twenty push ups with ease.
The superintendent was called late during the night.
When I put it on my screen it looked great.
Tina and Mark were looking for a new house.
Gavin had always day dreamed of being a mailman.
On his way home, John ate every piece of his candy.
Mia always wanted to ride a horse.
He had always wanted to be a farmer.
When they arrived at the building, the fire was still very mild.
He looked all around.
Suddenly, my headphones stopped working.
Tom was excited to go.
Keith saw something shiny in the dirt.
Now Jon has all the bread he could dream of.
David likes to go to the beach.
He decided he better buckle down and change his ways.
Matt found a turtle on the playground during recess.
He would give it bugs and fresh water every morning.
Jake is making ice cream for his girlfriend.
Rickay hated cheese.
John dared everyone to finish it.
There was only one keeper, but I made it my Facebook photo!
However, Abby's mood was quickly changed when she checker her email.
Sarah got a flu shot on Tuesday.
Betty's vacation was ruined.
Before he could eat it the cookie slipped out of his hand.
He went on a walk and lost track of time.
She decided to give it a try.
The neighbors found their dog.
She goes twice a week.
Randy took a new job in California.
John learned how to install games on his calculator.
I then heard a car speed around the street corner near my house.
Now, Hayes only eats dark chocolate.
Ed had to go clean the walk in freezer at work.
Then she saw that her basement window was slightly ajar.
They looked at several and couldn't agree on one.
Tom had been dating his girlfriend for months.
Everything looked so clear!
Then, her eyes started watering.
But then he found that he needed an Xbox for Hulu!
Joey read the instructions.
They liked it and chased me as I walked away.
She never would go back.
Rodney left satisfied seeing relics of an ancient time.
Jake knew he needed gloves and walked to the drugstore.
That night, Ally learned about Ballet and Tap.
Soon he realized it was his own socks that stank.
We put it up against the first child's ultrasound in out photo album.
The mean looking dog tackled Rashad.
I set up the interview for friday.
After sitting in traffic for what felt like forever, we were there.
Jeanne was watching TV when a commercial aired.
He remembered his friend had started a dog-walking business.
It smelled gross and damp.
They couldn't even enjoy the park anymore.
Gia had put her daughter down for a nap.
Sue and her two kids went to the park
While coming home from school, Lauren found a twenty dollar bill.
He had a really hard time explaining this one.
She looked inside and saw his basketball clothes.
Dharma received a packet of discount coupons in the mail.
Johnny left without leaving a tip.
John Crunk wanted to be the world's first Eskimo rapper.
They went to the electronics store and found a huge 70" tv.
Olivia felt so sad watching him cry.
Herman recently found out he was eligible for a loan.
So he went to the mall.
I was delighted when she accepted!
He invited her on a flight.
He had pulled his hamstring.
I waited for the first couple matches to be over with.
He felt better, watching it fly off.
Shortly, his friend arrived and they both managed to free his truck.
Sam's car's electric window stopped working on his side.
The next day, Christy's neighbor Sean knocked at her front door.
They felt grateful to their generous aunt to whom they had been mean.
He was finally called back into the examining room.
Belatedly, Jason realized it was in the same pan he kept his hashish.
Suddenly, she received an email from someone.
He started reading kids' books.
We were visiting friends in NH in 2006.
Annie sees a Robin.
She decided to get fast food.
Finally he realized it was his feet.
He made the team and went on to be a star.
His friend Jumin wants him to model for his cat food company.
It snowed a lot the night before.
Several people bid on it.
Kia's pancakes always came out crumbly and dry.
He pulled the goggles down over his eyes.
He saw a plant with pointed, hairy leaves.
A woman was lost in Central Park.
Bob put blister lotion on his toe when he arrived home.
Matt needed new boots for winter.
Kelly realized it was worth it.
He had forgotten to pay last week.
The show included performers juggling fire sticks and a belly dancer.
Harvey and Jack prepared dozens of water balloons.
She looked for a good place in a town nearby.
I put my brand name on buildings, water and steaks.
A florist began to make a bouquet of red roses.
Eventually Sam found better work.
At home, Claire begged her mom to sign it.
Sandy was riding her bicycle.
Kara found a ring on the ground.
The dog went into the kitchen.
When he went to the dealership, he knew exactly what he wanted.
To her delight she found out it was a ring!
Julie slipped and fell into the mess.
Bryce talked with his hitting coach.
But she grew tired of them rather quickly.
She sat rigidly upright in her bed, listening.
Tom was unsure about it since the bar code was rubbed off.
Kate could not believe her eyes.
Sally wanted to go to a concert.
Jill turns on the radio and listens to the weather.
When she put the knobs on, she saw they were crooked.
Nobody else believed him.
In prison, he had 5 years to realize the futility of his life.
She was excited for the trip and looked forward to browsing the shops.
I guess it is just part of the job.
Abby saw a reminder from her school about the Summer Reading Project.
He only saw one inning and one at-bat.
Cathy was invited to a friend's wedding.
At the party, she met a handsome man and hit if off with him.
My wife and I arrived at our rented cabin.
Bill wanted to know what was inside.
She went to reach for her phone.
Jasmine wanted to look perfect in her wedding photos.
She didn't like them as much.
I could not find my right shoe.
Quinn is sure his musical background didn't hurt, though.
I collect mostly photos of Chinatowns.
Lucy's grandpa came to pick her up from Mary's house.
Carrie was trying to read her library book.
The owner almost never went outside.
Their dog Bandit had been missing for weeks.
So she proceeded.
I decided to give up the cat for adoption.
He looked around everywhere for it.
It was very fun and we went to New York.
Kate realized she only had 15 minutes left on her lunch break.
Her friends choose pepperoni, cheese, spicy sauce and mushrooms.
After James' dog died, he fished alone
She tried out for the Olympics right away and made the team.
Javier has always wanted to be more independent.
But Alex really wanted a puppy for Christmas so she needed to ask him.
Alberto went into work in the coming months with a new goal.
Fred's racecar was broken down.
He invited his friend Marcy along.
The ones he wanted were too expensive.
Erin regret taking such a long break.
Me and my girlfriend decided to go on a road trip!
I keep the windows closed to keep the pollen out.
I saw a cute boy in the library every day my freshman year.
He only needed the welfare checks for about six months.
The Zimmy family went to Canada for their Christmas vacation.
They all hoped it would be hot again tomorrow.
Amy was furious when the difference came out of her allowance.
Beth told Dan she wanted to see other people.
He often felt bored at his job.
But as soon as she got home, she craved coffee.
He watched a lot of late night infomercials about weight is loss.
Ken killed for many years.
She went home slightly unsatisfied.
Roger never realized it was his own foot.
The next day he felt so bad he had to reexamine his behavior.
I needed surgery right then!
She was waiting for this for months.
I went to the dealer to look at new ones.
She left the buckets of fish near the penguins.
Since she remained quiet, the entire class ridiculed her.
He didn't want to turn on any lights.
I found a food bank close by.
She always left her paintbrushes in a cup on the window ledge.
The next day he takes the test.
She finally found the perfect dress.
Jackson wanted to learn karate.
He was able to pay for the tuition of all his siblings.
Ron is sick of living without a phone.
The neighbors threw him money for his great talents.
He used paints, ink, glitter and whatever he could find.
Soon after the classes, she went up in the plane to go skydiving.
Ronnie realized his phone was still in his pocket.
Someone hit Raya and drove off.
His aunt had found a spider in the hallway.
After around ten minutes, she got bored.
Gina and Lisa put Lisa's sister and brother on the swings.
By loving girls so much, he willingly paid for sex and other things.
One day the saw a painting of a baby on the side of a small grocery.
Then she went to the zoo.
There had been plenty of food to go around!
He wanted to major in an area of science.
She spent a whole evening building a palace.
Maya spit it out, disgusted.
The family bought a new house.
Pete needed some extra help with his homework.
John always loved the smell of tea.
They paid it together.
Bri wanted to be a cheerleader.
Armin decided that he wanted to play baseball.
Tom was playing a shooting game online.
Larry's wife was out and seen the two together.
Her roommate found a website where she can download the books.
He made obvious faces when he was bluffing.
And it arrived at her house in beautiful condition.
He gave the business cards to all the people he met.
He underwent an MRI.
We went to the bahamas.
When he poked his head out, he saw his shadow.
They found a basketball in the garage.
We went fishing this summer.
She bought a turtle the next day.
Betty was forced to play a tree.
The winner would receive 25,000 dollars as their prize.
They forgot their own medicines at home and had to purchase them.
My friend went to the store.
The hike involved passing many steep edges.
He decided not to dive in public anymore.
After two hours of hard work, my house looked ready for Christmas.
I learned that the judges really liked splits.
She gave them the candy in the morning.
My daughter went on vacation with friends last week.
I went to Petsmart and there were many cats to choose from.
She went to check the news.
Gianna walked into the class after the bell rung.
Josh patted himself on the back for making a good decision.
He realized he was lactose intolerant.
Her costume was great, and the pink washed out the next day!
Betsy wanted a decoration for outside of her house.
He goes to the same coffee place every single day.
The policeman saw this and decided to chase after.
His manager informed him of the late policy.
One of my best times eating pizza was in New York.
I found a new one in the closet.
It seemed no direction had any better reception.
One kid threw the ball so hard it went over the other's head.
Carl cried at the sudden noise and went to find his mom.
One day it stopped working.
It smelled sour.
To my dismay, someone cut that tree down.
Brad's favorite team went to the superbowl.
Tom was waving a taxi down.
When he left, a burst of wind suddenly blew.
They apologized and obliged.
That night Charlie found his wallet in the kitchen, he put it there.
He went to the city.
Ray waited a few months before he had the money to fix the roof.
While they were at dinner Josh proposed to his girlfriend Lacy.
Relieved, he took out his teaching material from his bag.
He realized that all this time needed someone to talk to not drugs.
At holiday time he accepted an invitation from his friend.
The man stacked the wood for his neighbor.
Raven wanted to wait in line.
Hana got so hungry she decided to buy lunch out.
He enjoyed the company of many girls during his life.
He checked his internet connection.
So Carlos wanted to take his father to a game before he died.
Cat practiced and practiced.
I had heard about a new service called Uber.
The doctor told him he needed glasses.
She put Amy's drawings on display for the class to see.
As he got older he discovered he liked sour cream.
Derek clearly did not understand the sign.
Jim found a better job in Kentucky and stayed there.
Allie sat by the fire.
Sitting down with her family, Roz had never been so proud of a meal.
Chuck looked over his shoulder.
I could see christmas lights all around me.
He liked to go to that house.
She is pulled over.
Tina had plans to go to the dance with her friends.
There were two books he really wanted to read.
He found a phone on sale!
Because of her hard work at her last job, Nichole got the new job.
The other kids called the teacher over.
He asked what was wrong.
Lana wanted a job in entertainment.
So he bought math textbooks and began to practice.
Max found a puppy in the field behind his house.
She knew the dangers of waiting!
John almost came in contact with the car.
Marie had been hearing strange noises every night.
Luckily, she found the perfect prairie girl costume.
I lost enough weight in time for the marathon.
They had been fighting for weeks.
Lane found the bandage at the bottom of the sink water.
I looked all over for the ball.
Her friends invited her to go to the library to study.
It put a damper on her morning.
A man sat in the corner of a dark room.
The kids were gone for the afternoon and he was alone in the school.
The kids heard a sound.
Tom had to miss the concert.
They had a great time and heard some great music that night.
My friend said that it had too many errors.
Tim needed more money.
The girls brought along with them buckets for the fruit.
Eventually I started using bacon for a treat.
The two friends hated their job.
One friend gave me a great present.
Karyn was losing the game.
My dog whined when we left.
Tim agreed and did well on the assignment.
At the last minute, Sean didn't want to go.
The turkey meat smelled a little funny.
Ethan stopped to buy a musical box after work.
But her child's favorite thing to watch was in the coral reef exhibit.
We found a spot to stand right on the curb.
Fred wanted to court Alicia.
Susie had a friend that was dying of cancer.
She learned the rules.
Finally, Tom left to go catch a flight at the airport.
Me and my friend were watching baseball the other day.
However, after that there would be no more sitting around the house.
After nearly a year with our internet provider we decided to switch.
I was impatiently waiting for the storm to clear up.
He went to check if any were at home.
Then they decided to collect during a car wash.
When he gets home he warms up with a cup of hot chocolate.
Now he sees the evidence of larger muscles and more definition.
He decided that he would make a movie of his own.
He looked all over the neighbourhood for the kitten.
The sky looked very dark.
Jim had to borrow his friends board and wanted a new one.
Some important information was not communicated.
Unfortunately he will always be remembered for his steroid use.
Barry went online to research the bus routes.
She always wanted to have a big wedding.
She loved to pick the brains of her opponents and delve in deep.
John was excited to buy his new shoes.
I suddenly spotted some cash on the ground.
He struggled in pain for minutes.
We left knowing that we at least had a good time.
He missed a call from his future employer.
She adored the puppy and the puppy adored her.
Kim realized it was also a competition.
He had been practicing with his dad every day.
Stacy bought some stock of a company.
Her audition went kind of horribly though and she surely failed.
He invited his friend Jeremy to come along with him.
I bought every piece of ham they had for sale.
John found that the egg tempera paint was vivid and bright.
It was a nightmare morning, but we survived.
This year, she stayed inside and watched Netflix.
Our family was in awe about how our hard work produced new life.
The man liked the flavor.
He dreamed that his wife had turned into a zombie.
Tom bought a new pair of pants at the mall.
I lost 40 pounds.
Chelsea was getting married.
One night he forgot to put the pizza away.
Tom's car was missing when he went back.
James needed new shoes.
He took a membership at his nearest health club.
I needed eyes for my monster donuts.
Tim's girlfriend had been acting mean.
Rob hadn't meant to hit Lucy.
A large gorilla stared at Trevor through the glass.
Terry remained in the hospital for several days.
He found many interesting things.
Tom left the scene feeling good about his behavior.
She enjoyed looking at the trinkets.
When Jason went on the coaster it was very thrilling.
In the morning he regretted his actions very much.
Tim set the tone volume too loud.
I was really excited and ready to go.
She remained frozen in bed all the way until morning.
Today, they was excited to see a cupcake food truck down their street.
But each thought of the same joke at the same time, and both let go.
A major league scout had heard about him and was at the game.
It looked pretty.
Katie needed new shoes.
Kent looked everywhere for Simsam, and found him.
I liked Will Smith, the actor, when he was a young battle rapper.
Larry makes a two pointer.
I turned my car around and drove off.
Carin watched a movie about sharks.
Afterwards, Alice and her family enjoyed the rides.
I looked over everything in the meat case to carefully plan.
She did not want to miss her test.
The crowd went crazy and he won the talent show.
They saw many cool sites and a great play too.
Tamra has always wanted to visit Ireland.
Nita and her husband were so happy, they cried!
They were marching in the same direction.
Ben went to the dentist.
Francis regularly feeds the squirrel almonds he brings.
Fred invited Lucy it the movies.
She got the ingredients to make it.
I'm still reading it but it's really good so far.
The ball is thrown to him.
He read next to his fireplace all night long.
He forced me to try it.
Candice wanted her big brother to disappear.
The military paid for his college.
Anna was feeling a little bit sad.
Dan went to the grand canyon.
They both waited patiently for a bite.
The six of them sat around a big table.
Annie just wanted to see her Dad.
The accounting group went back to work, happy and satisfied.
They couldn't hear him so he went back downstairs.
He improved his financial situation.
One day Sean and his father go grocery shopping.
Hanna went to an animal shelter to find a new pet.
The doctor told him that a bot fly had laid eggs in him.
She vowed to come back one day and reclaim her childhood souvenir.
I joked around that it was a gym date, but I wasn't serious.
Honestly, I think I'm not qualified to be the boss.
He waited for it for almost an hour.
I assumed they needed a lot and poured a quarter of the bottle.
John's friend visited him.
He put the notes in a hat.
I found a set of Pink Floyd cds.
He went to the grocery store and bought all the ingredients.
Finally Davis goes fishing for sea bass.
Although he had never tried stinky cheese before, he enjoyed it.
It headed in the right direction but then turned around.
She told the people at the restaurant that she had placed an order.
She was as surprised to see me as I was her.
Amy quickly learned to identify individual words.
He convinced them to let him.
She really needed the prize money for college.
I quickly ran to the person in order to stop him.
Afterwards they took a walk through the park.
She received them in the mail quickly.
Lucy went for a walk.
The kids paid close attention.
So, I can go out to dinner tonight.
Since I had no charger, I had to keep my phone off.
Emily found one she liked.
He is happy to have lost so much weight.
Sarah got a brand new bag.
Tom went fishing with friends.
There, he found his gifts and checked them all out.
Jo missed the count.
Ron always used the elevator at work.
He heard a weather report on his radio.
He put it in a shoe box.
Hours before their time was up they put in their last offer, praying.
Barbara went boating this morning.
She can't wait to see her friends at school.
During their trip, they got stuck behind a lady with many kids.
Chuck was startled when he felt his stomach rumble.
He wandered around, fearful of ghosts.
James was feeling sad.
Susan felt a lot better the next day.
The next week Mark and Kristy started dating.
Sarah sewed several new squares onto the quilt.
The bill for tuition arrives shortly after.
Suddenly, a train appeared and was coming closer.
She sat back down.
In the end, he realized he preferred the one he always bought.
He decided to practice on smaller hills.
Got a shaver and began to shave his beard.
Timmy works as a manager for the Dollar Tree.
He realized that the flavoring of the food was very bland.
She planned a bunch of flowers in the front of her house.
When he woke up this morning, his coffee maker was broken.
Jessie checked the shirt before leaving the store.
Finally she got so upset that she yelled out for them to stop.
It was impossible to spot.
They waited close to an hour.
To her surprise, a girl in class asked to sign Andrea's yearbook.
Her family had kept one of them.
Johnny paid his rent and had extra money left over
He day dreamed about all of the activities.
The remaining questions were also too hard for Joe.
Neil felt very comfortable in Oman.
Her nosy neighbors couldn't see over the fence.
Roger Rumface had been following the footprints in the snow.
He had let them bury him in sand for fun.
And went back home with 20 pounds of peaches.
She ended up enjoying it more that way.
It was too overlooked.
He felt awful and sulked for a week.
She was faced with numerous options.
Dan decided to do something about his rude neighbors.
So Bill starts his own company.
We lost the signal on Friday night.
From that night on she was able to sleep peacefully.
Harry always joked with his wife about her easy yoga practices.
Harriet found work at a local high school.
Kelsi then trained the dog for a few weeks.
Today my mom asked me why I was so down at dinner.
They had gone to the beach and it was very nice.
Now Melanie is feeling confident for her next math test.
The two went to prom and had a great time.
Rodney was looking forward to a date with his girlfriend all day.
She skated out on the ice.
She found out that he had a blog and left a message there for him.
The fire spread to some dry grass.
They replaced my tire so I could ride home.
The boy went to the board.
Sam collected all the money he earned in tips as a waiter.
He received a membership card.
As I was leaving, I saw a yard sale across the street with a guitar.
Gina wanted money to go to the mall.
Instead, he told his grandma that he wanted to go home.
At the party, the mom handed everyone a list of items.
Ralph wanted to skydive.
The other boys always followed Harper's rules without question.
For our school trip we went to the science museum.
I like the location of the picture.
He covered up with a blanket and went to sleep.
She was not expecting much.
However, I had to pay $40 for parking.
I tell my boyfriend to 'feed Moody' and he gets confused.
I went to the window and looked out.
Peter's parents told them to be asleep by midnight.
Kate said she couldn't afford that.
He went to the wrong spot.
Then he returned to pick them up.
Olivia went with her iPod everywhere.
Rafe thought he was a professional race car driver.
The tickets were more than he could afford.
Sade was a middle school student who wanted to get more involved.
One day, she saw he had switched it to under!
Pat had to go through a mess of legal work to go home.
Isa ended up with a beautiful hand picked bouquet!
Tom decided to buy a motorcycle.
She was going to be a teller.
It was then the agent mentioned the lead pipes and paint.
Her brother had broken the swing.
She was going to road trip through America.
He was never able to smell food again.
He saw an old sci-fi movie.
At the end of the day, Henry felt unprepared for the exam.
Donovan bit into the patty and knew the trip to town was worth it.
Then he saw, on his bed, a brand new toy truck waiting for him!
She was very sad she missed them.
Weeks went by and he couldn't see anything.
He'd observed a chimney on the roof when he arrived.
Tina's boyfriend put all her things on top of shelves.
He checked the lens of the camera.
Tom's guest enjoyed the party.
James lives alone and sometimes feels very lonely.
He really enjoyed the testing process.
He rushed the snake to the vet where it had to have surgery.
That night into the next morning she watched them all while snacking.
One day, she realized they were not in the yard.
As soon as it took off I was screaming.
Al bought some flower boxes and filled them.
Flower petals, candy papers, and cracker pieces never stayed put.
I liked the telescope so much that I kept it for myself.
My dad wanted to teach me how to survive on my own.
In order to wash off the stink, he went through an automatic car wash.
She tried it on.
Tim was happy to have found it so soon.
Luke lived in the desert with his aunt and uncle.
She found out she was expecting a baby.
Kelley went to the mall yesterday.
Ida was shivering.
Everyone was happy with the way things worked out!
She always wanted the window seat on the airplane.
She wanted to chase the squirrels.
He watched it every day and quoted every line.
A week later Tim took a trip to the Himalayan Mountains,
Sam returned to his home after work.
I wanted some hot mustard on my egg roll.
Nero was startled at first but then enjoyed every minute of the test.
Gina decided it was time for a change after seeing one video 4 times.
Patty wanted my pencil.
Inn 2012 he bought a twenty dollar scratch-off ticket.
He tried six different samples.
We live in Boston.
Her mom was not amused.
They all related to the work he had done the night before.
His friends started a jacks club at school.
One night, I was sleeping.
He looked at each exhibit.
The convoy was going to a distant base in the desert.
Lim looked at the stick and then had to agree.
She scheduled an appointment with her psychiatrist.
A bunch of people saw it happen.
She put popcorn kernels and butter inside it.
They seem nice.
He went to his neighbor's house.
Everyone showed their school spirit.
Jennifer and Brad needed a getaway.
But soon she was skating very well!
I turned my head and the photo flash went off.
Later she realized her breath must smell of garlic.
I went to the doctor a few days later to get my hand checked out.
Tony walked to class with Krista every morning.
Phil needed to be at work on time.
He was unable to find the book.
Jim was walking home from work when he passed a chocolate store.
The dentist realized Sandy's anxiety and offered her sedation.
The guys lined up at the starting line.
However, they could not agree on a name.
At the last second Chase yelled hello.
Then she dried them and brewed them into tea.
We have even lived together for the past 2 years.
This made Barney angry.
He stood back to look at it.
Ed wanted to be a fighter.
The person on the phone said they had them in stock.
Ellen saw a soap that was on sale.
Suddenly he realized he had no money on him.
Kelly really wanted the new Chanel bag.
The round took several minutes.
A girl was waiting for him.
They finally allowed Lee to go to a concert with her friends.
They went to the park and invited friends and family.
But Ida explained some key issues to her.
He saw it snow outside.
Phone in hand, she waited to see a product she wanted.
Joan went to the movies.
It went over my head and off into the trees.
Brad really wanted a cell phone.
My girlfriend and I wanted to go see a new movie last Friday night.
My wife wanted to see a new movie that came out.
THat's stuck with me my whole life and still hurts.
It was hard work, but all the peaches are gone now.
Brad wanted to be on the school's wrestling team.
But he knew that his watch was fast.
She agreed to a date.
Her mom had to pick her up to remove the shadow.
Little Angie wanted a donkey pinata for her party.
Tonight he was facing his brother.
Noone answered.
He played the entire day.
He noticed that my handwriting was very sloppy.
His hands were so clammy that Kelly pulled away.
It smelled like watermelon.
He took a horribly cold one.
Ana watched as they all worked together to build the barn.
The first time he went for a spin, another car side swiped him.
Amy and Charles were going on a cruise for their anniversary.
She didn't complain and was always very loving to everyone.
He lived in the park.
There were two kittens playing together in a cage.
Barely missing it each time, Ben, frustrated, jump at Mark's face.
My niece wanted a cat so bad.
The local sheriff himself found me.
They had all bought tubes to float down the river in.
He was going really fast when he hit a rock.
After testing out a handful of models, he settled on a racing bike.
Arthur put down his book and answered.
One day, they decide to write a book about model building.
But one day she found herself extremely tired.
Steph wanted to have a child.
I wasn't sure if he liked me.
He felt inspired to leave home.
Then to her joy, she saw that there were twin babies: one for each!
Tom purchased salmon and cooked it.
She brought Ralphie into the vet who told her that Ralphie was sick.
He decided to purchase a pair of white tennis shoes.
Today, though, he put too much salt into his beef stew.
James couldn't see in the dark.
He had drool dripped from his face.
One morning Phil noticed that the man was not there.
While her aunt was sleeping, she snuck a skirt from her mom's closet.
I finally went to the window and opened it to look.
Kelly had been acting her whole life.
The boy sat down and sobbed while staring at his empty hotdog bun.
But when his teeth got bad enough, it was too late.
Tom was used to spicy food.
He lit it outside of the stand.
He missed his train.
His we, the coach saw his agility.
And to his shock, she agreed!
Chris asked him if he could be more considerate.
She felt sad about the accident.
Kate looked great and wasn't too terribly uncomfortable.
Johnny and his friends were going to the football game.
They were all going to be on a gameshow.
Susie was eager to go there.
I left some food for it outside my door.
On one expedition he lost his binoculars.
Her friends were going to a club.
Then she realized that it was her day off.
Jill eventually stopped crying.
She sleeps with her night light on.
She could not find any she liked in stores.
The kitten wanders around trying to find some food.
She ate the whole thing!
Until one day he got the call to be the Head Coach of a team.
People have to wait for hours until the fire department rescues them.
John slipped away with the teacher's keys at lunch time.
I put my shower curtain and a towel in my washing machine.
Camille felt something on her foot.
My granddaughter was 8 months old when she crawled.
I think it crawled through a window.
Manny remembered his cousin loved vodka.
Later Jen found her card under her sofa.
I went to a town close to the one I lived in.
Her mom had to put their 17-year old cat down.
The service was slow, and the waiter was hard to find.
She found work with a hotel in the city.
Jane was in a meeting at work when she went into labor.
One day she was feeling very ill.
Jim wanted to be an Astronaut.
He wanted a new bike for his birthday.
She decided to break up with him over it.
Frustrated, I sat down and listened.
My family went out for dinner one night.
He was nervous but agreed to go.
They fit him perfectly.
I told him I would for one hundred dollars.
She had to just wait them out.
I wanted it to have flavor.
Kelly decided to take her favorite junk food items and redo them.
They had been working on it for months.
He wanted to see the waves and white sands again.
Sarah went to the used car dealership looking for a car.
She finally got her daughter dressed.
They danced all night and had fun.
She hadn't planned on having a cat.
Charles was happy but couldn't keep it.
Summer was going to be a blast!
Mark received a letter back from the congressman's office.
It was the middle of the night when we received the news.
One day he lost his dog at the park!
When she finally found it all the laptops were sold out.
She ran into a frail man begging for change.
He put on the spare and was on the road again.
I learned the students in the gifted class received scholarships.
He took test drives.
The teacher knew the work wasn't Chad's.
The coach painted the baseballs pastel colors for the game.
Since her friends saw her, they dared her to jump.
I looked for about a half hour.
Anna found a lovely shell at the beach.
Her friend Talia had a daughter Sasha's age, named Kylie.
They were tied for the lead in the final round.
At first, she really liked it.
He knows she likes sweet treats.
Two children were eyeing a toy they wanted.
His mom decided to get him a private tutor.
When he turned 16, his dad gave him an old motorcycle as a gift!
Joe found the sandwich very satisfying.
Tom was about to go to a party.
Sarah arrived at school to find a note on her locker.
And he reluctantly did.
Camryn does not like to read.
This time, however, I was bit by the snake.
Dale wanted a cigarette.
And she heard hundreds, voices and music and more!
Her son had anger issues, and he refused to do either.
Jack was paying $100 for cable in his home.
Julia was at a loss on what to do.
Every morning Greg enjoyed a cup of coffee while sitting on his deck.
Frank noticed Randy sitting at a table in the lunchroom alone.
The cookie read your life's in danger.
She was safe when she stood up.
Terri's husband likes cats now.
Some of her friends replied they could not make it.
Helen wanted a bunny.
Suddenly a car appeared.
The Johnson family had money, but couldn't find happiness.
I went to a number of dealers looking for one.
The new graduate had a job waiting, but had not yet started work.
Kevin really liked this girl Susie.
To top it off I bought many crates of Ramen.
This was because James lived right near Lambeau Field.
But thankfully she practiced and got better.
Trudy wanted some cake.
Tom tried to swat it hard and fast.
I got my money back because I waited so long.
She volunteered at a suicide prevention hotline.
Gina was excited, putting extra effort into her zombie look.
His job revolved around his laptop.
She can't find a job.
She knows that her body needs the nutrients found in leafy greens.
She realized that the food was rotten.
Kim was upset to find out there was a $13 daily Valet fee.
And he was curious about how all of the different items tasted.
Gayle went outside with her work clothes on.
Then he realized engagement rings were a scam.
After we moved in, I realized they were drug dealers.
Maddie woke her up and asked her to quiet down.
While in the waiting room, someone burned food in the back microwave.
But when his granddaughter was a year old, Will shaved his mustache.
She seen a bunny.
Andrew tried to push me on the floor.
She realized her own body was ideal for her.
She decides to visit her dentist to discuss it.
He created a profile online.
The stranger smiled at the man.
Carl lost a lot of weight.
Conrad enjoyed writing stories.
I watched one of my friends in a cross country race.
Kelly needed a new toilet for her home.
Back as his table, a woman winked at him, thinking he was famous too.
It's too late as Luke has slid off into a telephone pole.
He then noticed the lights flickering.
But her best friend had one so she decided to go on it with her.
Sue had to save her jeans for weekends only.
The computers my family bought were always mass produced generics.
The home team lost and people got very angry.
One time it was broken down for a whole day.
She wasn't sure what to get her mother.
My daughter and her husband asked us to go out to eat.
I put my pants on one leg at a time.
His next problem was his Geology teacher kept failing him.
One day, the electricity provider called.
Kyle and sam went to the movies.
The person across the street agreed to pay $15.
He drove thirty minutes to a pet store.
Cornelia has been invited to a wedding for next weekend.
This year I watched the NBA dunk contest with my friends.
Eva went to the beach.
She sat down in the couch and it was so comfortable she fell asleep.
I went to the lake to go fishing.
He caught the thief in the parking lot and took the purse back.
One time my brother's dog got loose and tore out someone's trash.
She was desperate to check her Facebook.
The woman instantly felt at ease.
He caught a fish!
Adrian responded to a personal ad in the newspaper.
The next thing we know we saw a bat.
He looked in the cupboard for ingredients.
She couldn't get it any quieter.
She invited all his childhood buddies to the party.
All of a sudden, a baby deer went up to his house.
Bobby was happy to not go to school today.
He ran all the way to the gate and was very exhausted.
One day, Pepper got stuck inside a barrel.
And Francisco agreed.
We got into our snow suits and found our hats and mittens.
The melting snow slush covered the ground.
He is so happy he noticed the rusty chain.
Leo runs after the thief.
He soon had the highest selling market in Gold Springs.
Samantha found out that it was the light socket.
We went outside to get the snow.
It took longer than she thought.
He went to the convenience store at 2am to buy some chocolate.
But he found out he is out charcoal.
He also felt that it was time for them to date other people.
We were afraid to sleep after the movies, so we ate popcorn.
Smith hated cabbage a lot.
The player who missed had lost the match.
He found a pair with no reviews.
He sounded like he wanted her back.
Sara wanted to eat sushi.
He wanted to watch his first horror movie.
She happily accepted his invitation.
That's not how rare he wanted it.
A friend decided to take a date.
It smelled delicious and Lori wanted a piece.
I served the neighborhood a huge meal.
Kia was invited to a classmate's party.
Amy hated her English class.
Later, he became sick from the mold.
He looked everywhere for it.
Sam sold it within weeks.
He had four eggs left.
She knew it was wrong but she was desperate.
I prayed for help in my third step.
Then they went home exhausted.
Maryann requested a blueberry cake.
Jill finds a fingernail in her can of tuna.
Kayla couldn't wait to go horseback riding.
Emily knew she had to give her dog a bath.
Abby never caught a squirrel but she sure enjoyed trying to!
I worked there with all my friends and we goofed off a lot.
They looked at each other in surprise.
A squire dreamed of being a knight.
I am now serving time in prison.
He confessed that he's a homosexual.
I put it on my hair for awhile.
He learned what it takes to be happy.
It bled profusely.
As the CEO, I paid myself fifty percent of all donations.
But when he looked down he realized how high it really was.
Harrison needed to take his trash out of his kitchen.
She decided enough was enough.
The officer put Ray in handcuffs.
She couldn't afford anything fancy.
I woke up one morning and my newborn baby was screaming.
I struggled to find bail money.
With her scholarship Angela was able to go to medical school.
She felt terrible after going through withdrawals.
Lucy wanted to see the boy she had a crush on.
Carly tried to end the tension and confessed to Jeff.
Franco found a small trunk while exploring the shack.
Now he is 99 and she is 97 and they still enjoy each other.
He set his alarm for seven in the morning.
We went to one of our old hangouts.
I then put serious time into learning how to write music.
She needs to go to her second job in a couple hours.
But when she died the medical examiner saw it.
Amy painted her nails.
Terry worked hard every day in the mine.
He lived in the mountains in Boulder Creek.
I can't wait to do more push ups tomorrow.
Wendy lost her title.
Tom went to church with his family.
She learned she had slept through her bus stop.
She looked around where she had walked.
He looked forward to his daily lollipop all morning long.
Finally he asked Kevin to introduce him to the girl so Kevin shut up.
He couldn't move and was in pain.
I found some that were glitter for me.
Ed wanted to read a long novel.
He couldn't find his keys.
One day he saw a for sale sign in the window of a coffee shop.
He was too sick to go with them.
All of a sudden Tom's cat popped up.
Now, I go over to my friend's house.
She was glad she had not gotten drunk!
He eventually found a wonderful pair of headphones for running.
Seth was hungry and tired of waiting.
They both went together.
I had no idea where they were located.
They found a great laptop.
Jack was loved by the crowd and won first place.
The technicians stated that my engine misfired and needed a new coil.
Carlos was being questioned by the police.
I just farted.
After that, he practiced for five hours every single day.
I met up with my friends and we began to play.
One day, he realized he didn't know the definition.
Larry checked the time and it was actually the morning.
When they arrived, he was quiet and timid, sitting silently.
She forgot about the old.
She found another pair instead.
Her friend learned about the rout.
It had only been a few weeks at her job when Ann found love.
Bry gathered his nerve and walked through the bees.
Now, he looks in the mirror everyday as a reminder to be real.
My wife keeps her pajamas in her drawer now.
A few hours have passed since we stayed for a while.
Gina now knew who her real friends were.
Ed went to the barber for a trim before the prom.
His basketball team went on to winning the nationals.
When I was a child, I hated microwavable spaghetti.
One day a handsome man was actually impressed by her socks.
Kelli was unemployed, and needing work.
She knew she had to find him a safe, new home.
Faried was cramming for an exam tomorrow.
In her new class she learned a lot on the first day.
As an 18 year old single mother with two kids, it's hard to find them.
Kate sued the men who discriminated against her and won.
She wouldn't go to circuses or fairs or anyplace with clowns.
Jim got sentenced to six months in juvenile detention.
The children were going to a movie.
The teens went into the abandoned house.
They have the best burritos and she goes there almost daily.
I threw the rest of my McNuggets into the Dumpster.
The heat in Whitney's apartment went out in January.
Dina was driving one day.
When I looked in spring, it was full of pretty flowers.
Jan was lost in a new city.
By the end of the day, Kevin left the park knowing a new trick.
After an hour of hiking, Dave finally realized he was lost.
Carmen puts in lots of applications.
She put on the other things.
Jill's grandma left her a beautiful necklace.
Suddenly she heard a loud ticking noise.
Fergie was accepted into dance school.
Kate bought a new CD.
Finally she was ready to open her own store.
One day, he went to the village.
He called her a blockhead in his sleep.
After that they fit incredibly well on him.
No one was there, but looking down she saw a basket.
Barry recently was invited to go roller skating with friends.
Jordan feels sad about the milk.
My friend Don lives in his car.
But then he forgot his ring size.
One day leaving math class she saw a flyer for Volleyball tryouts.
Her mom and dad were already gone to work.
Unfortunately they never paid much attention.
The next morning when she woke up she had knots in her stomach.
He left a note on the car and went to find street parking.
He went to the shoe store that is downtown.
Tom took the position with great honor.
2 hours later she went outside to ride her bike some more.
Molly was spending a night at her grandmother's house.
He developed a method of quickly dribbling around the bigger boys.
Freddy was going through sleep paralysis.
They fit him a bit tight.
He went home and noticed his nose hairs were very long.
James bought a new book online.
Bill went on vacation to Mexico.
Sarah hated the music on.
He stepped into an exhibit and was kicked out of the museum.
He heard thunder outside.
One day she went to a salon.
He got in his car and drove to the sports store.
She looked at the tag and gasped.
Although the drive was nice, he feels no less lonely.
I was really worried about letting her go.
Sara had her hair done while Julie received a massage.
He was watching the sunset with his wife.
Sammy wanted a dog.
Then she forgot about them.
Scully felt vindicated later when her lawn looked lush and green.
Nigel dodged other pedestrians as he jogged to the store.
Jim sat behind his desk typing as usual.
Trina then had to go to the hospital.
The cat died of the infection.
She found her old wedding spatula.
She found a small storefront for sale.
Even the Pastor laughed at them!
I was first on the leaderboard in a game I was playing.
Laura couldn't wait to wear the dress!
They were all upset as they went home.
It has all the fancy stuff to go with it.
Sarah was reading through her Facebook news feed.
Gina hated bologna.
He acted delighted when she made spaghetti the next week.
Joseph forgot his deodorant one day.
He heard small voices from inside his home.
Once she did that she never chewed her nails again.
Then, he went home.
They kept buying beer and Tim drank a little too much.
Baylee went to her first day of summer school.
I realized I forgot the vinegar.
When he saw Lacey she was uneasy about his visit.
One Friday afternoon bill's boss gave him a stack of overtime work.
Anthony likes hotdogs.
I went to Korea first and that was my favorite place.
It was a big TV that she put in her living room.
I stayed with them for a week.
When we told the manager, he wasn't happy.
He was determined to save the Princess in Super Mario brothers.
He went to the fridge and poured milk on his cereal.
He began to practice every single day.
They sit down to a candlelight dinner.
Kayla wanted blonde hair.
He found two pairs that he really liked.
Every wall was violet, and I loved it very much.
Then she realized she was better off without him.
Lacey experienced a lot of sexual harassment.
Jack and Jill went up a hill.
On one of the notebooks she found the owner's name and phone number.
Yesterday J ate two big bologna sandwiches.
It seemed almost too good to be true.
She ate a good meal at an Italian restaurant.
Fran suddenly realized she'd left her cell phone in the kitchen.
Able was going to the park.
Finally, on Friday, he received a phone call.
He told her and Sue was devastated.
Paul liked his new look and gave the barber a handsome tip.
So her father always release them after catching them.
After digging through it, it found a sandwich!
One day he decided he needed some time off to relax.
We were unable to agree on a color.
Sarah's smoke alarm went off.
Tim was invited to a pool party.
The shuttle arrived to the school.
Georgia found a total of one hundred empty bottles.
Nora went to see a terrifying play.
Earl noticed that she's lip-syncing.
Corey wanted a new video game for Christmas.
Cam needed braces.
Mary was signed up for a secret santa.
Suddenly she heard the distant rumble of trash trucks.
Anita's family put her in a nursing home.
Jake had never experienced them before.
She also read his favorite passage in a book.
Jill couldn't find her homework anywhere.
Val was nowhere to be seen.
Nicole and her friends went to a dress shop downtown.
Tom's garage was cluttered.
Linda can now play all of her favorite songs.
Her grandma was good at growing flowers.
She loves listening to songs.
She called her date to cancel and explained the issue.
They both stand still in their tracks.
Brad cried when they found all of the stolen songs on his computer.
He realized he was addicted to caffeine.
But the girl was well dressed and looked very cool.
After a few moments, the bear finally left the campsite.
Mary always wanted to travel after she finished her studies.
Luckily, Stella's uncle was able to fill in with his magician's act.
He was forced to stay in his cabin for the whole cruise.
And Amy felt sad.
I cried until my nose bled.
She really wanted something special for her birthday.
It was a lot of fun to spend time with her friends.
Finally I drifted off, sleeping deeply from exhaustion.
Tim moved out to the country.
He taught me how to get girls to like me.
Little Bobby was afraid to go to the doctor.
He very rarely saw any cars on the road by his house.
In the end, he passed with flying colours.
She wanted a souvenir that was perfect for her trip.
Tim attended a field trip at a museum with a Dinosaur exhibit.
We hid underneath the largest trees possible.
On the way there, Gary saw a homeless man with no shoes.
Sam wore his new hat while snowboarding.
One evening, Oishi realized that money was the root of all evil.
Allie wanted to have a large baby shower.
Her stomach kept hurting for the rest of the day.
She had been practicing every single day.
She needs to see the dentist.
Kia decided to sit farther back next time!
She hadn't had time to eat.
Fred couldn't believe how hard it was.
He then slapped her in the face and ran away.
He called the number hoping to speak to someone.
Miguel's shot goes in from behind the 3-point line.
He researched exactly what he wanted and at what price.
He later found out it was due to a busted pipe.
I really needed a new computer.
He told her that she was five cents short.
Both of them had known each other since grade school though.
I saw some while out on a drive today.
A boy was outside playing when he saw a balloon in the sky.
I helped my friend Have move out of his home.
I made my way to the red light district.
Justin did not like mice at all.
Hearing this, he was curious as to what a beef cake was.
Ella went with her father to a parade.
I waited for a few minutes and drank a cup of coffee.
My wife's niece owned a horse in Greenfield, MA.
But when they arrived, they were incredibly spicy!
Our date went well, and we're still together.
He went to school to study to be a lawyer.
He put the name-card on his shirt.
They all stood and watched in total shock.
She was chosen to be a jolly elf in the parade!
The couple sat down at the diner.
She met many people through her job, and saw many people she knew.
Jane forgot about the pizza.
He must agree to be my Valentine.
She went to Target to look for one.
Tom read many books.
His teacher suggested writing something more simple.
Since his books were on his phone, he wasn't able to study.
Then she felt much better better!
She was unsure of exactly what style she wanted.
Cletus owns a farm.
Ed was falling behind in class.
I had a heart monitor over my stomach the entire time.
He only wishes that he had grown a mustache earlier.
Cheryl is nervous before she goes on.
Bob lets everyone down.
Reese was bored at home.
Each of the four of them filled a basket.
Kim was furious that she wasted their time.
Trisha kept her cats and her house.
I was watching the news the other night.
He was full by the time he checked out.
I kept them in a glass case in my room.
Gina and April both wanted a job.
I went downstairs and saw my dog sleeping in my bed.
She wore her ballet shoes.
She needed an adult to ride with her.
Sara loves books.
Surprised, she found that the ticket was a $5 winner.
One day he found someone wandering in his house.
Mika was really looking forward to seeing a movie together.
She left her boyfriend.
I went to my door yesterday.
Sick to her stomach from candy, Nell turned in the money.
Jerry was feeling very tired that day during work.
To solve that, I tied a balloon to him.
They saw some expensive sweaters that they liked.
Because of that incident she will always be suspicious of leaf piles.
A large thunderstorm occurred near Brad's house.
He paid a company to come do an evaluation.
And he was left with dense, doughy buns.
I invented a new bridge and was finally an inventor!
But then she realized she had her phone still to occupy her.
Tina was looking for a new home.
With a settlement in his favor, he laughed all the way to the bank.
So Susie had to put her down.
I wanted to plant a new cherry tree in my backyard.
He had to go to summer school.
Alyssa tried to get into the bus.
It was much faster and I decided to never go back to the old way.
She went to a nice quiet coffee shop, instead.
Frank freaked out and called the cops.
I am tired of the mud so we went to the hardware store.
However, nobody seemed to want to buy his onions.
I decided to buy some food and medicine and give it to her daughter.
I sat down and drank my coffee.
A friendly firefighter was able to bring her cat out of the tree.
Libby needs gas for her car.
He disembarked and looked around.
He worked hard and ate healthy for a year, making steady progress.
The teachers looked tired and mean.
Tim was walking around downtown.
The police didn't believe it was false results from her bagel.
They hadn't realized it was on their path!
Simon plays Mario Kart the entire time he's at Grandma's.
He missed a day at work because of it.
And she forgot her gym clothes.
A bank robber decided to target a bank on Monday.
The day was filled with laughs and fun.
One day a co-worker offered to help her pass the test.
A few friends came and we had a good time.
They left on the day of Alexs fiftieth birthday.
However, we didn't come across anyone when we arrived.
He was going to his first NFL game!
She bit into a cookie and spit it back out.
His fiancee dumped him before the wedding.
They carpooled to Belinda's house and walked inside.
Lucy and her grandma went to Walmart.
Natalie lived alone in a big blue house in the forest.
Now they go to the aquarium instead of going fishing every year.
Archie put on his new clothes for picture day at school.
Nathan lived next door to a rich family.
Dan had always wanted to ride a motorcycle.
Steven enjoys the race.
When she took a bite she noticed that her tooth was in it.
She needed flip flops.
Hampton left the magazine on the coffee table near his drink.
Around midnight, a shootout occurred.
Her mother didn't like for her to walk alone.
Tom went to watch a movie.
John felt a way he had never felt before during that talk.
Her hair smelled like strawberries.
She placed it in the oven.
He was looking for colleges to go to.
Her phone has no data plan and she needs the internet.
They had a great time and missed Sue when she left.
Naro wanted to be Brave.
He decided to get a job at the grocery store.
Kerri was about to go blonde for the first time.
Josh was relieved.
They both liked the same girl.
Bob lived in his house for thirty years.
Rupert is pleased because he no longer gets ingrown toenails.
Dan was ashamed that he had forgotten the iron on.
Mom came and killed the snake.
Tim had never experienced them before.
One day at school, Tim went to go eat lunch.
Noah's teacher couldn't stand him because of his bad behavior.
He found pornography.
Carl was terrified.
He took them to work.
She went down to the station.
We put on our fancy clothes and went to the club.
I saw a band last night.
Eventually, we sat next to the stream to watch it bubble past.
I went to the best buy store looking for cell phones.
Jan checked into a hotel after a long business workshop.
She worked very hard and bought all the needed appliances.
When she ran into the living room, she saw the snow globe shattered.
Tiffany and I went to the country.
They then washed the socks so they didn't smell so bad.
Tiffany decides to start dieting.
I saw a few very interesting looking albums.
In front of the class, however, he was so nervous he looked stupid.
But she neglected to keep it clean.
Jon liked a girl.
They had gone fairly late and the pickings were now slim.
Tim failed his test.
We took a long nature hike into the woods.
Mark was a horrible child who was always whining.
He was in a hurry so he decided to take a shortcut.
The dog looks curiously around the surroundings.
Before she knew it she was having a blast.
Lyn loses because she lives in a liberal area.
We went camping and fishing for two weeks.
She was excited to return to the old grocery store.
I do not think a ticket is friendly.
Thankfully they had the bread that Tristan wanted, so he bought it.
Gina needed a better paying job.
John decided to eat a healthier breakfast.
Hannah had recently started a new job.
One day she accidentally left it behind at the local library.
My mouth needed 4 stitches.
Kate was very upset she couldn't watch the video.
Now Juanita no longer feels tired when she is at work.
She was worried because the other kids weren't learning their parts.
Jean hasn't seen her best friend in two Year's.
He learned never to cheat again.
Katie went hiking in the woods.
Long distances are her favorite to do.
Evan saw tiny minnows in the creek behind his home.
Neil found it to be very busy.
Allie wanted to be a designer.
When he came in first place, he was surprised and happy!
He woke up because he was uncomfortably hot.
He went to a trade school for radio broadcasting.
He needed a snack.
The puppy was happy again, and Jessie had found her new dog.
Finally her neighbor found her.
It helped tremendously.
He finds them to be boring.
Then they left with the stuff they bought and went on their way.
He stopped shovelling the snow and called an ambulance.
My dad gave me a gift card.
Unlucky for her, the stain was the first thing the man noticed.
His performance would influence his entire future.
All of a sudden she heard a loud noise.
She had to put the microphone away until the next day.
After he had been home for a month he went to a fast food restaurant.
His parents thought his ideas could hurt people.
He goes inside and finds his wife with another man.
Martha crashed the car after hitting a patch of black ice.
Jon was happy when it arrived.
She wanted to go to college.
I buy them premade from the grocery store and from restaurants.
He decided to enter into a big tournament.
He opened the oven door and reached for the cookie tray.
Now crippled Harry wished he only took heed.
A few years ago I went on my first roller coaster.
They offered her many glasses options.
Kevin was riding in his boat.
Rachel needed a new computer.
While there she wanted to try a famous pizzeria.
She went into the mall.
My kids agreed and we had a lot of fun!
He was able to successfully quit cigarettes with his new e-cigarette.
She wanted no one to see that.
Payne and his friend went golfing.
Jack wanted a 1967 Chevrolet Camaro his whole life.
Unfortunately, my card was declined for fraud alert.
Tom learned Spanish.
Sam wanted to be an artist.
I found some board games in the attic.
My daughter loves spending time with her.
She had forgotten about a test.
Ally already needed to go to the hardware store for a faucet.
I cannot wait to go again next year!
Hank's dream was to watch a touring car race in person.
Gina was reading a new horror novel.
He checked the radiator and noticed it was low on coolant.
They decided to bring their children.
She went on to finish her degree and launch her product.
The next day when Joy comes home from school.
But unfortunately it made things far worse.
Julie handed him some pretend plastic coins.
Tina went to the movies.
She knew a recruiter would be at the big game next month.
He decided to cook his own.
They went home after a fun day at the park.
Later that day, several people at the picnic felt ill.
But Peter didn't have any at home.
It was so little that Sarah named him Tiny.
John loved playing chess.
Cal was half-awake as he stumbled into his kitchen.
In June of 2006 our family went to see a Brockton Rox game.
They checked the baby out just to be safe.
Hilary was coming to switch spots.
Dave was depressed because he was an American living overseas.
Little Evan wanted a doggy for Christmas.
Ollie just wanted some more porridge.
After the game, the players all cried.
She waited for the coffee to brew.
Once, he incorrectly read a receipt to one of his customers.
Kia was struggling in guitar class.
It took him hours to find one he liked.
I like the new functions, but miss having unread mail at the top.
He did not remembered what happened.
But a few hours later, she felt much worse.
Tom couldn't find one of his shoes.
We went whale watching on a stormy day in August.
She was by the jeans when the alarm went off.
Harold had a great time watching his new animal.
We put on long sleeves and jackets.
When Paul's friend arrived, one of his back tires was low.
Tomorrow, they'll pick out a new toy together
Mister Deals saw some nice clothes at a thrift store.
He still failed his exam.
Joan heard stories about the new girl at school.
He took the buses and subways.
Carlton went for a jog very early one morning.
He left his drink on the floor.
For Halloween, Jesse and his friends went to a corn maze.
He had never seen the mole before and he grew worried.
The older couple was excited to hear their daughter was pregnant.
Spectators were amazed when he wasn't hurt from the fall.
Allie went to the local restaurant yesterday.
He went to go wait in line.
Charles was fond of Asian women and wanted an Asian girlfriend.
Sarah always wanted to have a pet cat.
While there, they got into a mosh pit.
His city loves how beautiful he has made the area.
He gets on the air and answers the trivia question correctly.
One day, she needed a shower when no one was there to watch her baby.
But when I tried it at home, I tasted no pumpkin.
Logan was watching TV while babysitting his baby sister.
These were the photos they enjoyed the most.
He put on a brave face while looking at the dead frog.
While sitting up front, a bull with a rider rages towards him.
I tried to cook s'mores over the fire.
A large mouse strolled across the kitchen floor.
She wanted to pay it all off.
She and her son went to look for houses in Ohio.
They drove around looks for storm clouds the next day.
Sammy was reading on the couch.
Fred was going on a date with Fran.
Then, he washed the bag in the sink.
She was thankful she knew it.
All my coworkers were sad that I was leaving.
And she stayed up until 5 AM.
He was looking forward to it.
Now I was able to fully concentrate on the material.
They never left America again.
The prices were much more than he could pay for.
My uncle noticed a coconut tree.
Kim likes to go deer hunting.
Mark was running down the street.
The ride seemed tame to the mother.
He needed a new suitcase.
They had fun translating the "words" to each other.
So he gave himself five minutes slack.
There is no point paying more than you have to.
Barry hated it when his little brother Ted followed him around.
She limped out of the club and went home.
Sadly, Amy never pays attention to him.
She looked lost.
Andre was a male escort, but girls still fell in love with him.
Tom wanted to see his friend.
He tried to relax.
They wanted to stay there, because it sounded interesting!
The interstate was really busy that day, but we made it.
Emily told the cashier the order was wrong.
The team felt all the pressure.
The students used them as sleds on the snowy hill on campus!
He was taking his new dog.
While she was at work, her ex claimed the car he bought her.
James was asked to fill in.
Lucas was at the zoo petting a baby goat.
He looked online to find local live music venues.
Tricia returned from prom night, satisfied with her experience.
They looked for constellations.
After about twenty minutes she looked in the mirror.
It wasn't going so well.
Soon she was right where she wanted to be.
But after some lessons she knew there was a lot to learn about horses.
I was glad to go back to school.
The team worked together and got the move done quickly.
Damon found a box with a large gold nugget.
She would watch many tv shows on her phone.
Fred realized that he hated teaching.
At first he liked how it looked.
She wanted to watch a scary movie.
The garden doesn't like our chlorinated water very well.
Loretta needed a new work appropriate skirt.
It was hard to stay on.
Tom needed to take the bus to his job
I was introduced to choral music in 1978.
Kim was so excited she went straight to the theater.
Naomi frowned as she hesitated to enter his room.
Jodie found the baby outside on her doorstep one morning.
He found his size underwear.
The guest star portrayed a woman prisoner.
He fell and broke his leg.
They went to a gemstone mine.
I just finished doing my laundry.
She had to have surgery to repair her shattered patella.
Yet no one would help them.
We miss her a lot.
Instead, Zach's team lost the game.
The stick was really a garter snake resting in the warm leaves.
Belle was grateful he hadn't read it.
I saw Pam at the store just this afternoon.
And he regret forcing himself to stay at school.
All of her friends and family are coming.
We went on a bike ride after school.
A coworker told me someone in the office was having an affair.
Joe went to the beach.
Kate took her toddler to story time.
We rented a cottage there for a week.
Tony was hungry and his stomach growled.
He tossed in a large slab of meat and many cups of water.
And she happily agreed to be godmother to Louis's son!
She went to a local gym and noticed a guy training poorly.
Joe needed some heaters cause winter was coming.
He found a cheap flight to Denmark.
She arrived right on time.
Since he barely had time to work on the project today, he got mad.
The lights went out in Tim's house.
I went up to grab a pass.
One day, Bob went to the store and saw the fishing section.
Jessica was paid $500 for the story.
But I wanted to relax.
I won the Ebay auction!
Not all stainless steel was equal, he knew.
She studied day and night to be prepared.
My friend ended up guessing on every answer.
I left a chocolate pie on her doorstep.
She had narrowed her choices down to three but had one clear favorite.
Lisa couldn't wait to attend the shoe sale.
It was for the most part easy, and sitting
He untangled them all and tried them out.
She arrived and my wife was pleased with her purchase.
Paul was travelling first class.
Becca spends way too much money on bleaching her hair every month.
Wearing the apron made her feel like a great chef.
His dad helped him take pictures of animals on the phone.
A new movie just came out.
We felt so lucky and special.
She felt good about donating her money to help them.
Anna opened her lunch and was surprised.
Jill wanted to paint her mother a picture for Mother's Day.
Allie needed a new makeup pallet.
When he was little Carlos father took him to the Grand Canyon.
I found a bee hive and put my hand inside.
Sam considered himself a smart kid.
He had never really gambled before.
On the street corner a man smoked a cigar.
They exchanged the money and report when the paper was due.
Luckily the car left her alone.
I had to go to the store.
Anna asked the teacher to pick another helper!
It took roughly 2 hours to complete it.
Mark accepted the invitation.
It made him feel a bit better.
She wants to keep reading every day.
She was able to knit the hat and scarf in time for the birthday.
Marty stood there in amazement.
Kevin is now enjoying his complete meal and is no longer hungry.
One day when she counted her shoes it was fifty four pairs.
In spring she began dieting and walking each day.
One day, she sniffed too closely to a bee!
They already had an 8 year old boy who desperately wanted a sibling.
Bob gets a tow truck to take him to a garage.
Ana bought a BB gun for her eleven-year-old.
Lance finds his coin under his bed and the next day is much better.
Now he has a good paying job and a nice family.
Tim hated fish.
They told me to make it again next year.
A young boy always dreamed of seeing a shooting star.
He reaches for his wallet and can't find it!
Tom left his debit card at the bar.
Barb wanted everyone in the neighborhood to recognize her hard work.
Molly thought about the coins hidden in her room.
Alice's son wasn't feeling well.
Marissa loved to bake with chocolate.
He was hoping everybody enjoyed themselves.
He saw something through the trees.
Ryan's ball went everywhere except to the pins!
I could not find my keys anywhere.
I could not find my keys anywhere.
She told my mom that I should take lessons.
They ate and enjoyed crab legs.
He would eat it with a big spoon.
When she arrived, the library was closed.
He stood before a wall of older kids.
Down a street they never saw before they noticed a tiny park.
Chris and Kim went shopping at the mall.
Eventually he smelled himself.
Because he went for business, his wife had to stay at home.
John asked his friend for advice on how to stretch.
The paper ripped in half.
One day it finally broke for good.
They had a lot of white rice left over after dinner!
Josh decided to take his dog inside the house.
She decided to find a career in dance.
Ron used mostly screws but some glue to assemble it.
He knew he'd done a great job preparing.
They watched one more sunset over the water.
He saw a lot of trash in one area.
She was confident she looked amazing.
Tommy needed a new shirt for church.
Her daughter found her quickly.
He noticed his bathroom was no longer clean.
Sam was addicted to drinking alcohol.
She cleared it and won the competition.
He looked on craigslist and found an affordable one.
John was caught cheating.
Tom went by himself and had fun.
I announced I was an mTurk worker.
Layla lost the election.
They were large, cumbersome and hard to maneuver according to him.
His old ex-girlfriend was going to be there, as well.
Jena wanted to have a snack.
She listened to a affirmation tape for four weeks.
Strong winds started to hit.
She found the perfect kitten but there was a problem.
He lost his car and his driver's license because of the arrests.
Then she heard a snap.
Jane received a tablet for her birthday.
She realized that she had snapped the roses stem.
I entered the chat with a fake name.
On his first day he checked into his dorm room.
Then she had a great idea to avoid wasting them.
His wife had a better paying job so she went back to work.
Freda wants to try painting her nails a new color.
She looked frantically, but she never found it.
The dog ran over and gobbled it all up.
On the way home they found a stray puppy in the road.
Now, Hal's cakes are well known throughout the land.
The dog wouldn't sleep in it.
Jane was going to the bar.
She was sad, and left the living room.
I realized that fall was my favorite season.
Victoria looks into the mirror and doesn't like the hairstyle.
The family always went to church together.
Ruth and Henry received some urgent news from home.
The other day his son found a way in it.
He kept missing the target by a lot.
Carl lost his phone at a party.
She missed a week of school.
He wanted to spend it now.
They interviewed him and three days later they hired him.
My daughter had to sit down and rest.
Dena had a cow named Betsy.
I was so nervous about going back to college.
Jake and Jane went out on a date.
He almost lost his job.
He noticed not a lot of light would go in.
It arrived in the mail yesterday.
Bryan drove around for awhile.
Sam was really missing his dad.
Proven right, the Mitchells received no more trouble from them.
However, he could not find one.
She managed to overcome the craving!
Carl believed this to be true.
I knocked on the door.
But he hit a car while trying to drive around his neighborhood.
Michael lost a tooth.
He was moderately injured.
Behind him he heard a growl.
Scott was on the beach when he felt a tickle on his neck.
She had to go to the hospital for medication.
I was not surprised when I found out I failed.
I put it on my back and felt better.
Johnny loved to tell jokes.
Kelli decided to collect shells on the shore.
He found him through social media.
The man had to come back sober.
It was the first time they were able to go on a hot air balloon.
And he missed them after they were gone.
The dog barks all day long.
Tom found a letter in his mailbox.
Her dog knocked over the bottle and it shattered on the floor.
Tina and her family chilled by the ocean.
Marco was glad that he had visited Utah.
Every year we would go to this ranch for the week.
But he couldn't afford pricey meats like ribs and chicken breasts.
She didn't give up on her dream to be an astronaut.
Kayla likes going swimming.
Ava had always wanted long nails.
Bernie decided to run for president
It looked dangerous.
She worked hard everyday by taking private lessons.
I went to the store to find a replacement.
He slipped on the board and fell.
It said it was from an old friend.
The night before a big game Bonnie was so nervous she couldn't sleep.
Lucy was waiting for a train.
Jane was relaxing at the park.
Tim wanted to scare his wife.
She was enjoying herself greatly.
Ken was praised for his hard work and dedication.
She complained to a manager about the out of service fountains.
The Newton family needed a new television.
He only had a limited amount of miles.
Every stall at the market seemed to have something different.
Rita went into the bathroom.
However over half of the chips were missing.
Later that day, He is called by HR to come in for a interview tomorrow.
They went to live in Jen's one bedroom apartment in the city.
Jessie decided to be be nicer in the future.
She kept messing with the settings.
Sheila knew she had to bring something.
The engineer asked Brock to come aboard.
The only thing stopping him is that he really needs the money.
Harry wanted to learn how to ride a bike.
She is very creative, so I looked for something unusual.
He likes to watch other babies crawl around.
Tom was excited to go to the amusement park.
Charles had always wanted to have a college degree.
He failed the biggest test of the year.
Yesterday I started trying sushi.
Jeff wanted to be a sports writer when he grew up.
She couldn't wait to see the guy again.
Austin wanted to watch Suicide Squad at the movie theater.
The other kids had clearly put more work into their art.
He fell to the ground and hurt his leg and the game was then over.
But, after only two miles, we heard a loud pop from the engine.
He felt terrible afterward.
One Saturday night my wife went down to get the mail.
Yara couldn't wait for the Christmas holiday.
Kayla wanted a new shirt.
Luckily though her teacher was able to help.
Bruce was soaked by the crashing waves.
They all hiked up a 3000 foot tall mountain.
Tina wanted some new dishes.
When my sister was young she had a chick she kept in a box by her bed.
Gina wanted to sit in the front seat of the car.
Gina looked through the window, trying to find the librarian.
Jamie returned home.
The wedding day came and she wouldn't answer her phone.
James looked outside his house a the tornado closing in.
She asked for no cheese.
Sandra followed the girl to her car .
A freak deluge happened in the afternoon on her way home.
Kelley wanted a cat.
They agreed that they both needed to be a little more fit!
She wasn't sure what genre she really wanted.
Gina hadn't seen her friends from school for a month.
Rick and his family are going on a trip.
Adam liked to go to parties and stay out late.
Sue wanted a new dog to keep her company.
A few days later, a friend told me that she faked the accident.
She takes a month long class to learn programming.
She left for hours.
Nick was walking to work.
She was expecting her sister.
We ate out a lot and drank Canadian beer.
They wanted in line for a long time.
He no longer suffers from flea bites.
I went into the houses when they were under construction.
Fortunately they were reunited after he won the case.
Not thinking anything of it, I used the saved credit card on file.
Tim left the field and never went back.
Tommy was playing and made an error.
Tom would still wear clothes from the cleaner pile.
Yesterday I ordered a bunch of coffee table books online.
But she kept scraping the driveway.
The first stop on the tour was seeing the enormous Saturn IV rockets.
On Thursday I heard a loud knock on the door.
The work is not at the level her advisor expects.
To her dismay she had failed the test.
She realized she hadn't cut her toenails in a long time.
Kenya's washing machine was broken.
The teacher immediately noticed.
I did not want to go back there.
Tom's guests liked the tea very much.
Fanny's dream was to go to Paris.
Taylor wants to watch Reign on Netflix.
Alas, the k-means algorithm was unable to handle the complex data.
Then he smelled hot dogs.
Leo wanted a midnight snack.
Beth's Thanksgiving was going to be perfect.
They enjoyed the mess, as they knew their pictures were unique.
Damion took off his clothes and stood looking in the mirror.
Sato was learning calligraphy.
Rob completed all the chores on his list, and even added things in.
He recently died.
But we decided on one that was bigger and cheaper.
Lucy and her boyfriend went to the ice rink.
His mother was worried and she called him.
It stunk so bad.
He knew the whole city by heart.
Tracy E Warren taught me to prepare oatmeal different ways.
We sit in the bleachers near home plate.
Jared liked to fish with his dad every Saturday.
Riley's teacher easily noticed the fake signatures.
He decided to retire from his job.
They sat at a long table.
Police officers came and arrested him.
Tim kept messing up at work.
She got nervous and turned back around.
Then they lived happily ever after.
When she got there, she was chatting with some older girls.
It seemed a little dangerous, but the results were lovely.
She needed a costume so she and her friends went shopping.
She browsed a nearby store.
She told her parents and they decided to wait a week.
He wanted to go play.
I was driving down the street in my hometown.
I cooked the ingredients to the recipe.
James felt very proud of all of his hard work.
They decided to go home to shop online.
Tim liked that Fred stayed around for the entire party.
They all sat and watched the movie together on the couch.
She couldn't remember where she left the dog's leash though.
Suze screamed at Jeff to shut up and just pick up the damn clips.
She had never slept outside before!
We had received a package in the mail.
When he check his account online, he was mad.
He stayed home and felt happy instead of tired!
Charles began researching the incident.
Gabriel saw Chloe for the first time in the park.
It was tough, but Joanna had a great time running.
Betty found a bottle!
So one evening she sits them down.
I lived in Northern North America so winter was cold.
He saw a lot of movies.
Bryson isn't talking to me right now.
Unfortunately everyone was too busy to go with him.
He was unsure about it going in.
He constantly improved his skills over the years.
Suzie found some nice things as did her mom.
At Christmas they gave the kids candy canes to try to be festive.
We never found him.
Lucas felt the experience was so important and worth it.
I smelled some burning for a minute.
She had to rake them again, but she had no regrets.
But he feared her reaction.
Before he knew it, he was one of the last two people left.
My friends thought it was hilarious.
He waited to receive it.
He learned about the Maori history there.
I patiently awaited its arrival.
There were red solo cups everywhere, Toby lived in a frat house.
And she drove him home to help him.
Tom was surprised to see goat milk for sale at the store.
Jo decided she needed to lose weight.
Jane decided to build a robot to compete.
They had a small plastic cage that sat on the counter.
They said we shouldn't do that beside a daycare.
He has always desired to serve his country.
I saw a wolf standing by a snow bank.
He actually found that they were really nice people.
She knew that she had trouble getting along with most other people.
Ken needed to write a book report.
Marcus went deep sea diving.
Xeno thought that maybe he should become kinder and gentler.
I didn't realize it had mold.
Instead she went to her friend's house after school.
After a while he realized it was a car backfiring.
And felt more awake and energized.
Brett decides to play video games.
Then it started to rain pretty hard.
It began to energize me.
He vowed to get in better shape and try again.
When I got home, I began preparing the meal.
He loved them and used them often.
Whit wanted a boyfriend.
So he decided to go inside and watch TV.
However, this Monday went very bad
Everyday she watched the old man across from her on the subway.
Once I went hiking in Virginia.
He kept with his program until he was a non-smoker!
My coworker Wendy's husband loved motorcycles.
But her labor went smoothly and quickly.
Larry lost his job last year and was living in his car.
Mark forgot the exam at his house.
But he realized that it was closing down.
Earlier, she left it there and went to the park and stayed for hours.
Later, Michael found the money in his cereal box.
Ken's girlfriend felt better by the sentiment.
My bill was much higher than I expected.
They put it into their lost and found box.
Lola lost her purse in school one day.
They expected her to be a lawyer and not an artist.
Jimmy was at home watching his two year old daughter.
A little grey kitten kept meowing at Chad.
Susie went to the salon with her friend Abby yesterday.
She stuck her homemade cards in her backpack instead of giving them.
The movie was well-received and made a lot of money at the box office.
Charles found out his credit score was seven hundred and fifty.
He was graduating college.
Nate is sick and needs food.
They decided to fail their classwork.
Jeremy was hoping to make the team.
Mary liked her co worker Bob.
He told his neighbors he would shovel for them.
He had to buy a new one.
Tim wanted to be on the football team.
l learned that there are two women presidential candidates.
He bought his dream house in a great area and is happier than ever.
Eva wanted a tattoo.
Jerry was asked to watch his neighbor's dog.
She invited all her closest friends except Dawn.
It was very hard for Jordan but he kept going!
He was going to have a BBQ and fireworks with his family at his house.
The James family had recently found themselves homeless.
He wanted to tire himself out.
He went with her.
Lucy was watching TV at her friend Lisa's house.
He asked his nephew Cornelius to accompany him fishing one day.
After a few months it looked much better.
Ben screamed in pain.
Joe imagined getting rich by finding a priceless pearl.
Naomi dreaded shopping for clothes because nothing fit.
Billy liked going on the rides and all the junk food.
Jim yelled at Bill and told him he was a cheater.
Yesterday I got some new nail polish.
Frank was well known in the city.
Inside the house the little dog was barking like crazy.
But then she forgot about it!
Mia has 3 dogs that always want to sleep with her.
The man ran for city council to obtain vengeance.
I was going out on my bike for an errand.
Tim's family went to a neighbor's house to call the fire department.
Even though Tommy wanted to do it, he was too sick to.
The woman accepted.
But she had no idea who had gotten her name.
He had waited until the night before to write it.
I called a taxi to get to work.
He looked up.
I found a sturdy oak with many branches.
She went to get it only to find a flat tire.
He brought it out and Jake's eyes lit up like stars.
He cut way too much.
Cheryl liked to suck her thumb for attention and to be different.
They had fun recounting their food adventures with friends.
His mother had to push it out.
Mary's mom Nina watched the dog while the family was on vacation.
Dan landed softly in a pile of sand.
He heard a loud sound and then they fell apart.
Foxy ran around bouncing as she went.
She heard it over again.
She sat down in an empty chair.
With some help from a local engineer they started the build.
Today he woke me up whining to go outside.
He felt dizzy almost immediately.
Josh practiced playing soccer with his team for an hour every day.
Tom looked outside his hospital room window and saw how cloudy it was.
She followed his instructions carefully.
He looked all around the Refrigerator.
She went over her house the other day.
For a brief moment, she felt like Paris Hilton.
Suzy went with her friends to the club.
Gina went to the park to watch the soccer game.
The congregation was welcoming and friendly.
Bob finally became a history teacher.
Ryan needed new couch for his home.
James and Melinda went on a walk to the park one day.
Emily realized that customer had not paid for the ride.
Cody wanted more family time.
She told him that she had never received a gift.
We find some scary, family-friendly movies to watch.
A friend called her on the phone to chat.
Shawn wanders in the woods.
Finally, she went to a weight loss camp for help.
Whoever had the least amount of corrections at the end of the week won.
She really enjoyed the classes.
She then realized the front of her shirt was damp.
She planned on buying from them again.
He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy.
The kids were visiting a farm.
I searched online but the prices were too high.
However, when he first wears it, he feels silly.
Taylor winced at the overwhelming taste of mayonnaise.
Terry left the front door open to the house when he left for school.
Mary had always wanted to do something artistic.
Heather's house full of teenagers left the dishes dirty in the sink.
Instead of soccer cleats, Sam was wearing princess high heels.
They had fun at the zoo as well as viewing the pictures later.
He goes home.
Now Tina could have all the yogurt she wanted.
She had asked her husband to pick up the ingredients.
Aya was glad she'd listened to her mom after all!
John's grandpa died and he was very sad.
It seems like these days just about every show gets cancelled.
He loved the end result.
Keith couldn't take any more.
Instead she went out with friends and had a good time.
Because of this, everybody thought Tina was a good sport.
They rode for hours without paying attention to the time.
Luckily, her dad arrived with a surprise milkshake for her.
I liked a girl in my class.
Aaron called his mom to bring him a new shirt.
I tried to hide very well.
The whole theatre heard him snore.
We had a bed set up for her.
Tom had accrue paid time off vacation days at work.
Jane is a little girl who lives in a bad neighborhood.
Fig's little brother was scared to sleep alone.
She played until she won and went home with her cake.
Aaron was going to a concert.
Miriam worried that she was bad at math.
But one night, she saw a stray cat in need of food and shelter.
The kids wanted a pet.
When they were unlocked she went inside alone.
John left his house to go grocery shopping.
I am not excited to begin.
He had to take a physical exam.
Alice found someone's cell phone on the ground outside her school.
Marianne was fascinated by plants.
She popped in a movie and relaxed.
Yesterday I went to the local pizza parlor.
She no longer wanted to eat meat.
I kept missing and bending the nail.
Her friend threw water on her head to extinguish the fire.
She'd left it down on the subway that morning.
There was no way he could afford it.
It felt luxurious and fancy.
Her recent promotion meant she suddenly had a lot more work to do.
John had to go home.
He pays for the shoes at the cash register.
When she looked in the mirror it looked great.
She goes on a cruise every summer.
She wanted a house.
He could multiply and divide anything in his head.
They left the cabin in the morning and bought their ski tickets.
Most humans agreed this was far more entertaining.
Gina was sitting near a window looking into the yard.
For her birthday Mallory wanted to go to a waterpark.
Charles barely knew his biological father.
Lucy and Lisa were playing on the porch.
Jill was ready to go finally!
Tom always paid his bills on time.
Dan suddenly felt ill.
I went to the duck pond with a friend.
He often wishes he were home more.
I practiced and practiced my touch typing for weeks.
He asked me to meet him at a restaurant next Monday.
Edward went to KFC for some chicken.
He sat through all nine innings and was there all night.
When he returns home, Fred tells Carol he wants a divorce.
He then decided to bake some cookies himself.
Zsa Zsa and Mark slept in late on Sunday.
He stayed out one autumn night with his sheep.
Yesterday, he looked through his dad's old basketball trading cards.
He told himself to go up to her and go for it.
Just as she thought, it didn't taste good.
They were just about to find out who the murderer was.
I wanted to have children.
Carl felt really good about helping his community.
The two sat together and watched their lines.
Kay had always wanted a kitten of her own.
Jessica was concerned about her appearance.
He really wanted to get his black belt.
We ordered four blood sausages.
David decided to get organized.
David tried to take care of his aging parents.
He had heard that his uncle bought a few pet goats.
Bill realized one day that he was addicted to video games.
She couldn't remember her friend's last name.
Timmy hates carrots.
He tries to leave work early to make it on time.
I was caving with some friends in the mountains.
She dabbed her wet nose to mine.
Julie loves riding her new bike to work.
The Smith family survived unharmed.
She asked her parents, but they hadn't seen it.
She went back home afterward to cry.
He slept on the warmers and stayed warm until the power came back on.
Kara was very close to her mother when she was growing up.
He saw the leftovers in the fridge and ate them.
He took several supplies, including a purpose.
I drove to the music store near me.
Gina left the game to watch a sci-fi show she liked.
A local pizza man wanted to add some art to his pizza boxes.
Her mom brought the lunch to her.
Max made a mixtape for his girlfriend.
She found different sources of information.
Judy and her mom searched the cupboards for a solution.
He realized it was a faulty light bulb.
We weren't sure what we wanted, just went for fun.
I wanted to learn about the many kinds of PTSD conditions.
The dogs were happy and let Brian do his work.
Alex was mad but agreed  that it was fair.
She whined and refused to talk to anyone.
Matt met a man named Fred.
He drove very fast to the office.
I realized that I needed to be more careful about cooking beans.
I had a lot of fun while playing in the pool and then we slept!
A new set of car keys was handed over to him.
When Jenny tried to take out food, there was barely any left.
Harold went off to college.
Two days later, his former teacher bought the pic for $1,000.
He hated paying for things, especially haircuts.
The pilot light had gone out.
Sally was reading a bulletin board.
His friend arrived at the point safely.
One day she saw a green pen and it's only the last one.
Charles had to fly to Denver on business.
Today she went to lunch with her husband.
I can hardly breathe out of it.
Tim and his wife stood on the bow of the boat and looked on.
So she whined for the rest of the night.
She was so excited to go to class!
He went to the gym all summer.
He called his wife.
She put accordion on her lap.
Tom avoided parties.
He especially loved the rituals associated with all the holidays.
It was going to be the boy's first time fishing.
The other night I heard a loud crash.
Doing the ride by myself was a mistake.
Next, he landed a speaking role in a movie starring Tom Cruise.
The boss congratulated her, but her colleagues resented her.
My family went to the county fair.
Then Jimmy realized he had no money left.
It was so loud that I couldn't sleep at night.
He smiled very big.
She stumbled across several four leaf clovers.
Then he realized he did not have any laundry soap.
They charged her right away when she was to have a trial.
Marie and her family went on a vacation to Canada.
At least I had a good time remembering my childhood.
Our coach the guys not to peek in the other side.
Tina was taking a test.
She saw some pajamas near the front of the store on sale.
So the team finds a new coach.
I kept Joe company while he waited.
Maria was passing notes to her friend in class.
My ears looked great.
Eventually she got it working.
She was excited to make cookies from scratch.
Their client was sentenced to death.
The librarian explained that several books on his account were due.
She needed a major change in her life.
Robert wanted a good computer.
The raffle man plunged his hand into the bowl of tickets.
Tim was allowed to play.
It needed some work.
Chuck decided not to sign up for Netflix.
THe pastor greeted him immediately.
I always made dinner while it was playing.
Lily's wanted a fish tank just like her friend had.
But Harry forgot he no longer had his Rover to get home with.
My family got together inside my cousin's house.
Instead of cash he found credit cards and jewels.
Everyone admired her.
He learned that day to always be on time.
Mary got so flustered she did not come back to work from lunch.
Jason enjoyed his ice-cream.
Two years later, Andre's beer is sold in 7 different states.
She was very nervous he would not like it.
Once Kate finally got to the airport, her flight was already boarding.
He ended up failing the exam, thereby failing the whole class as well.
We were hoping to catch a couple trout.
The suitcase owner was ecstatic and gave him a monetary award
I wanted to get some good reads.
Tina called the person's references.
His parents grounded him until his grades improved.
Martha always wanted to learn how to garden.
As she approached the cafe, Syd abruptly turned and walked away.
Vladimir realized he had not left his home in two days.
Looking at an app on her phone, she compare hotel prices.
Rachel went on a camping trip with her friends.
The passengers on board were trapped.
Gene regarded it almost as a sibling by that time.
My wife needed a pair of boots for the winter.
Tim got stuck in quicksand while hiking.
When her mother finds out what Jan did behind her back she is furious.
Wealthy David inherited a large family fortune.
The room smelled strongly of cigarettes and mildew.
He sat in an inflatable inner tube.
She looked for a motorcycle store nearby.
It sold for $800.
Soon the cat became her loving companion!
He had a great idea for a book and needed to start right away.
Hudson got to feed and pet them.
He started practicing more and more.
Tim learned sprinting was the best workout.
She saw traditional hats, colorful hats, and lots of silly hats.
Suddenly, the computer died.
She was stunned to see that her car was not in the driveway.
Fred wanted to take Sally on a fun date.
He wasn't paying attention.
When I was little I wanted to be like cookie monster.
She liked to experiment with the food she served.
Alas, my mother died the day of the release.
I took my friend to a restaurant for breakfast.
His friend took the hat off of his head.
Most people prepare by practicing in front of the mirror, as did I.
The man clenched his fist.
They hated them!
When she opened the folds, the paper merely fell to pieces.
Yasmine was going into labor.
Anna went to a wine tasting.
He tried it on but it was way too small.
His expertise seemed to span diverse subject areas as well.
Peter went to the store for his girlfriend.
Joey is lost.
Lucy had been swimming for hours.
The family gets in line and waits two hours to get on.
So he decided to order some sandwiches.
She puts on her running shoes and jogs around the block.
Unfortunately as a baby her child wasn't cooperating much.
She choked a bit, unsure what those plans were a year from now.
She went downtown to the welfare office.
Ted wanted a nice new car.
He was reunited with his parents, who also lived at the zoo.
Luckily, a massive bookstore is not a bad place to be lost in.
Steve really likes to ride his bicycle.
Tim got his chemistry book out and started studying for a test.
He realized he left his key on the counter.
He suddenly realized he has not had water in a long time.
She saw a big, fat crow sitting on one of the branches.
Jenny began losing weight and look good.
My brother's cat likes to leave the apartment.
She never felt more alive than in that moment.
My friends met up with me and we walked towards the pavilion.
It was going to be the best event of his life.
Moments before the show started the power went out.
Kate called me today and we met for coffee.
They were going on vacation for a while.
Wendy looked upon her broken kite and cried.
He showed it off often.
The house smelled like old fish.
Two weeks later, Corey got an invitation to interview for the job.
For a while she couldn't understand the sounds she heard.
Hal, if he was being honest with himself, just found it overwhelming.
Abe was an 18 year old boy who liked to go out a lot.
When he came home he found a dead bird on his driveway.
Ben could always find Lars quick and easy.
He came home after a week of being gone.
I enjoyed its offbeat character.
She felt stomach cramps.
Matthew has always wanted a boat.
Tanner loved toast.
He is looking for a place that is intimate but modern.
I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her.
He lost them in the forest outside of town.
The Johnson family needed a new car.
He fired the shot.
On his birthday, Eric's wife revealed the trip to him.
So Carl went online to look for camping gear.
He waited all night and in the morning she opened her eyes.
He beamed at his success, but was not satisfied with being number 2.
He pays and leaves the shop.
I read an article about a man finding a bear in his dumpster.
Jim wants a new jacket.
He had a lower rating and lost most of his games on time.
All of the sudden she realized she was late.
She took good care of it.
We surrendered.
He lost almost immediately.
I laughed at the thought of buying it earlier.
Shortly after graduation, John found an excellent job.
He bought a poster for his favorite band.
He found a great vehicle.
No hits were found.
Thankfully the theater let them still attend.
Lou left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it.
Ollie liked to ride his dirt bike.
Finishing his meal, he drove to the store to see their options.
He built up the strength to open the box.
The ocean waves were big that day, and the boat rocked a lot.
He ruined the pizza.
The both had to stay in the same hospital.
I was getting out of shape.
The cat purred with gratification.
But she really wanted a boy.
I purchased the car for about $15,000.
She decided to buy one with her credit card.
Charlotte had ordered a pizza.
He drove down the video store and rented a movie.
John decided to go out to the bar for a few drinks with his friends.
They went to the jewelry store at the mall.
Timmy was playing with his toys.
She slept with it every day.
Frank then regretted that he wasted most of his day off in bed.
But then a few days later she saw him with another girl.
Betty liked candy.
A guest saw his craft.
Tom took it to lost and found directly.
The doctor called her that night to check on her.
She began a long search for her runaway teen.
I felt very full but satisfied.
A helicopter had landed in his front yard.
While holding the occupants at gunpoint he was shot.
It took my an hour to dry.
Liam needed a new computer.
She was intrigued by it.
I decided to write her a love note.
While they watching the show, a clown snuck up behind Timothy.
Finally, he found it in his room.
Christina found a turtle.
She followed his advice.
We finally went on a date tonight.
Lucy wanted to follow in his footsteps.
The waiter felt silly for not knowing this.
He had forgotten but headed toward her right away.
She had no idea where they went until she saw her cat!
Stan sent out a romantic text to his girlfriend.
I drove past the red car.
Tommy likes fishing with his grandpa.
It kept messing up his paper.
The goalie dove at the ball but missed.
Vanessa perused the fish tanks as they shopped.
I let go of grandma's hand.
In the end Sandy found her way back to the main trail.
She wanted her baby to have pierced ears.
The dog was found in a neighbor's garage.
In the end, he got better.
Mike always wanted to buy his father a house.
Julie watched this wave of darkness approach like a wave.
Anita went on a solo camping trip.
The person was nice but seemed a little unsure about answering Carol.
She really wanted her hair to be jet black.
We went to the aquarium at Epcot.
One night a customer forgot his wallet at the dining table.
The wandered in very exhausted.
We left the tour feeling disappointed.
The next morning, she had a pounding headache.
Mark and I were good high school friends, but lost contact.
Anna really wanted to be a photographer.
He was then able to find the kids channel.
She couldn't hold it much longer.
He saw an amazing view at the top!
When the team was announced, he was on it.
Every step was tiring, and he constantly checked his watch.
The mirror was too dirty to see too well.
When she left, the children were very upset.
Grace is happy to notice that she has all the ingredients for soup.
Katie ended up being even later!
Bell found an old copy of Moby Dick.
He cried to himself.
I let my dog outside to go to the bathroom.
She cried when her mother left her in the big classroom.
Suddenly, she tripped on a cord.
The young ones wanted theme parks and entertainment.
The dog became his new pet and the house seemed a lot less scary.
Dan wanted to invite his son, Ryan and his family for Thanksgiving.
He imagined his own life at 85.
However, she took it seriously and brought Tim.
He needed a good pair of jeans at the Mall.
Anthony could not find his parents.
All her friends wanted one.
James lost all the money very quickly.
She scolded her son and took the tent away.
He found that the fan was clogged with dust.
Dean needed a job.
He felt sad that he was so alone.
Gary was glad to see how excited his niece was because of his magic.
She adored her humans more than anything, but needed a furry friend.
He specifically hated squids though.
As a result, Rocky lost a lot of weight at boot camp.
Suddenly, everyone wanted to be her friend.
I had to fold them properly.
She was invited to a prestigious swim competition.
He hid his secret diary under his desk.
The waiter brought him some new soup.
She felt very confident!
He saw one veteran sitting by himself in the corner.
He did not know that his friend saw this.
She never knew her mom was so interesting!
Beth finds enough money to last her a lifetime.
She had waited until the last minute to shop for a dress.
Tom forgot about the trial after a while.
He bundled his kids up in the car and rushed to the store.
The couple thanked him and gave him a number to contact for a reward.
Marco did not want to and argued with his father.
One of the hikers called for help.
He went down to his local polling station.
I was skeptical but I agreed.
Yessica put on makeup to look like a skeleton.
I started to yawn and I realized I was tired too.
Greg went to the hardware store for some paint.
When Jane arrived home, she noticed faint ringing in her ears.
Kelvin's brother taunted Kelvin endlessly about its contents.
Unfortunately nobody else agreed.
One day we went down for coffee.
Patsy felt better afterwards and went back regularly in the future.
While on the run, he learned that he was a very talented pickpocket.
Thirty minutes later, Allan emerged from the bathroom.
She was able to sell her painting to friend.
But soon realized that the place was make-believe.
When I put it on today something unfortunate happened.
But she kept one, as her own personal pup.
Her mother told her to go check on her bed.
It was a good race, and he congratulated me after.
She got into the car with the test proctor.
Me and my Dad go to the shooting range every Summer.
Right before i went on stage, I lost my voice.
Her husband snored so terribly!
It took a year but eventually she improved her credit enough.
I enjoy swimming.
She served red wine at the party.
Charles wanted be a Rap star since the early nineties.
When it came to tests, Jason never did as well.
One day he realized he couldn't see as well as the other boys.
A mobster lent several hundred dollars to a poor man.
He went out for a pass.
Tim was going bald at an early age.
And she felt regretful as it took several days to heal.
Clare decided to watch her diet more carefully.
Her boyfriend's parents caught them when they discovered the flower.
He had reflux and almost never slept.
We were concerned and brought him to the doctor.
Paul hates his job.
Today Ian is getting a haircut.
Linny went to her local grocery store.
At first they were upset but they got over it.
Last spring we traveled to Reno to see him, again.
She went up the boy.
He saw that the futon frame had snapped.
Then, he noticed his car in the parking lot.
They are these huge fishy smelling bugs that only live for a day.
Jill managed to remain calm and survive the holiday.
His life was going great.
At the end of the day, half of her office was feeling sick.
Todd was thankful he waited, because there was a check inside.
Eric left his phone at the coffee shop.
They sold them at the luxury grocery store near her home.
Jerry wanted money for a new video game.
He waited a long time.
But she didn't want the teacher to know this.
Larry needed the oil changed in his car.
Now, she hated the new boy even more than before.
They made us wait for 2 hours.
Eventually Kirk lost the game.
She thought her friends would love them.
He cheers along with other fans when the team scores.
She went to her produce drawer expecting to find fresh items.
Teresa went for a hike.
Tom got his neighbor's mail one day.
She received an A grade.
Einstein was a good looking grey talking parrot.
The mess inside the fridge made her lose her appetite.
She realized she had forgotten her key.
Brad develops diabetes.
Luis loved cars.
Meg had to stay home with him for a week.
But she forgot all about it!
Neil found souvenirs for everybody on his list!
Even though snow was on the ground, we were warm once we left.
He went back to bed.
They both missed the championship game that day.
Her boyfriend agreed as well.
Jerald got a mechanic to fix his car.
But he had to go to basketball practice.
She went back to bed after the glove was put back on.
Charlie always wanted to learn karate.
Tom wanted a romantic first date.
Lily and Steve broke up.
Several kids in the guidance office noticed it.
Ever since I quit, I've had nightmarish memories about it.
Carter couldn't wait to see them!
The man put his dog on a leash.
Rose was just arriving at work.
Tom put on his shoes.
Rona was doing research into natural language processing.
The girls liked being in nature.
I stayed under a flowering tree.
With hurting backs and numb backsides they headed home.
Joseph wanted a new television.
Cayla is very pleased that people appreciate her clay crafts.
He stubbed his toe really hard.
A week later, her grade appeared in the gradebook.
After throwing the first line we got a nibble.
The smell and warmth made her feel productive and cozy.
She tried every store, and nothing seemed right.
All of his friends think the name is strange.
Inside Clint felt a pang of ingratitude at it being inauthentic.
When Alex was six he dreamed of being an Astronaut.
I took them back to my place to eat them.
I needed new internet for my house.
She really wanted the leggings.
Parker wasn't very good at assembling furniture.
They liked quite a few but were not happy with the price.
I filled it several times a day.
After an hour of swimming, something terrible happened.
Ophelia wanted her backyard to feel less empty.
He wanted someone he could trust.
She got mad when she had to miss school.
They all greatly enjoyed the dinner
Daisy wanted to go deep sea fishing.
But she knew there was no backing out of it.
She hauled the rubbish bin outside and scrubbed it.
Franny was happy she chose this career path.
We never liked the small remote control.
She wanted to remain composed.
And he forgot about everything that was wrong in the world.
He eats them piled with syrup.
The attendant at the carousel held out his hand for Judy's ticket.
Dan hated to iron his work clothes.
Julian, who is five, played with my cane.
Christopher befriends the girl he fancies.
Charles went to the car show and wanted to meet a girl.
Rick brought a bag of cereal to school.
She decided to try and read.
She spotted a guy with a cute dog.
Bobby believed his brother.
Eugene liked being outdoors and working with animals.
After a while we smelled smoke.
Jenny liked Brad.
I arrived home, panicked, expecting chaos.
She always watches the episodes with her friends.
Rather than go back, Oscar tried to go by memory.
Sam kept making fun of Billy's new hair-do.
They both quickly found their items and promptly left the store.
I have wanted to try golfing for many years .
My friends all said they loved the summertime.
Her life was saved by her epi pen.
Tom lost a lot of money on the game over the years.
Every Friday, the school kids got a treat.
The researcher observed the tiger from behind a bush.
I was planning to bring a salad to a potluck.
There was a caller who wanted a discount on her purchase.
I ate a lot of food on Easter.
On his first day he learned simple steps.
The next morning i arrived to class a nervous wreck.
Bob congratulated Rachel on her win.
While my mom and dad were washing dishes, my dad sprayed her.
From then on we knew, we just had to follow people for great finds.
So I ordered a garlic lemon chicken pita.
He liked to build tall towers and big houses.
His mom went to the shoe store.
He went to the office to get a key.
Bart had a good time and enjoyed the movie.
Later, he saw that the water had ruined the watch!
She rested her voice for those few days she had.
When she got to her car, she realized she forgot the tissues.
The original post was already screenshotted so people still saw.
She saw a coworker get a huge commission and Kelsey wanted it, too.
He finds an apartment in a much less desirable part of town.
We went to the theater and bought popcorn and drinks.
A little baby was born.
She followed the recipe.
Ken took a running start and jumped as far as he could.
Her end product was better than she expected.
The angry villagers gathered in the town's square.
Her manager began to lecture to her the importance of good service.
One day an old lady said she has saucer eyes.
Specifically, I wanted a chicken sandwich from Wendy's.
Anna could watch movies in her VCR now!
She went back inside to put on something warm.
It grew up strong.
I found that my son had multiple special needs.
Luckily I did not get hurt.
Usually they go to their mountain home.
He watched as the waves tore apart his castle.
Jack was going to the pier.
From that day forward, Paul only went to that theme park.
I looked at everyone of them and they seem average.
She vowed to check more often in the future.
The dog was barking and foaming out the mouth.
It is a skill she has not forgotten.
The two ended up having a lot of fun together.
He named the puppy bear.
Anna had fallen in love with her new beau!
Tim was going bald.
Eventually it went to collection agencies.
Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away.
She put the dolls down and went to join her sisters outside.
I knew that my new neighbor would be the cause of my obesity.
Ray always hated his long commute to work by foot.
Overall I feel Uber is an excellent way to network with people.
Amy was so excited she ran all the way to the school.
He bought paper towels.
Sam went to Petco
I couldn't stand the people, and was suspicious of racism.
She tried her best to get better.
Jim and Linda were going to go on their first date.
However, as he to check in at Delta, he got bad news.
Finally he decides to visit his local park.
She asked him what he thought abuse was.
Tom watched a show about medieval knights.
Luckily, no one out bid him.
The potatoes went bad.
Nola kept her fish for many years.
She hit her head.
She raced frantically to call the fire department to help her.
Boris is going to the drive-in again, tonight, with his new date.
He saw a ride he liked.
She wanted to see Times Square.
But when they arrived, the dentist was very nice to Nia.
But is smelled of chemical fumes.
Gary went to the doctor.
He enjoyed the cool misty spray.
Samantha had to pay for new television for the family.
Al and Mary were invited to dinner with Mary's boss.
Later I saw feathers on the staircase.
I invited over lots of different girls from school.
At the end of one game, Tim received a pass near the basket.
She was 19 and had dropped out of college.
I can't wait to have another one.
She had been on 3 whale-watching tours, with no luck!
We missed our departure buses.
Paul picked up the bottom half and kept sweeping.
Kelly put in chocolate and other candy.
Suddenly he realized he needed his phone for that.
They had forgot about him and left him in the office!
He apologized to the man for making noise.
In the morning he woke up really late.
The Smith family was going to visit relatives.
She stayed in the dark for an hour.
A random person from the party answered.
He has played all kinds of music and all venues.
She particularly liked when they looked like animals.
Mable shifted in her seat.
Bob wanted a parrot.
Kellen took the job and found it very rewarding.
Beth received an online message from a friend.
The judges liked it immensely.
Herman needed money.
I went to the zoo with some friends.
We stretched, ran four miles, and the stretched again.
They finally admitted to each other they were having no fun at all.
The manager apologized for the employees behavior.
She was ecstatic that she was able to sleep longer.
Tom wanted to have the best grade in his class.
Aaron went to the batting cages.
They saw a concert.
He realizes his love has been here this whole time.
Andy was afraid of going to the doctor.
Suddenly, he noticed something wet on his back.
Buster lost his left hand to the seal.
when they got home they recalled all the fun they had in dinosaur park
Finally she went away.
Sitting in the lunchroom Anthony looked at the clock.
The staff on the sidelines had to move away since he ran towards them.
I needed an apartment for graduate school.
He went onto Google.
Christine was glad to see her tree decorated in living room.
They spent their whole lives together.
A couple of friends were injured.
He tried to remember everything about riptides.
Chris wanted to make his own ice cream sundae at home.
My friend Jacob bought a new cat last week.
My teachers handed the class their test papers.
Even though his wife complained about it, Martin didn't care.
She excitedly went to the kitchen.
Mom forgot about the cookies.
Steven wanted nothing more than a Pac-Man Arcade Cabinet.
She wanted to start experiencing new things.
He gave it to her.
One day her battery case caught on fire.
He went to the fridge to get something to drink.
He thought he would not make any friends.
His parents gifted him with a drum set at a young age.
He stayed addicted to drugs into his adulthood.
They lost.
He ate it and luckily didn't get sick.
His wife makes a lot of money so he agreed to quit his job.
I gave it to my wife.
Sara went to her parent's funeral on Sunday.
He left his speech at the podium and left without taking questions.
One day, Pepper found a dinosaur bone!
Beth hated her job.
She started getting responses back from her inquiries.
Bill loved his Ford mustang more than anything.
His hard work at school paid off.
She knew she could not afford it.
Yesterday we went to the middle of town.
I took a trip to New York for my granddaughter's graduation.
He finds his perfect dream car.
Kate took the compliments more importantly.
The parents went on vacation.
Edward was able to lose a lot of weight.
Lana was diagnosed with Brain Cancer.
I felt awful.
The rescue dog arrived soon after.
We chased it out.
He wants to impress his parents.
She got stitches at the doctors.
When I arrived to Universal Studios, I payed for a ticket.
Nadia was sitting on the couch.
Alec and Ron faced off.
Amy need more hours at work.
The spider got loose in their house.
He worked 2 jobs everyday.
At a football game, we had to drive 4 hours to reach the destination.
Jane always needed to be unique.
But they ended up agreeing.
Her parents made her dump him.
Next, she was able to sit in the cockpit of a space shuttle simulator.
We went into an adult shop.
The people he invited ended up inviting other people as well.
He created a whole new style for himself.
He liked the peace and quiet.
Then they put butter and salt on them.
We went inside and put on black vests.
He turned around and walked the other way.
He went to see what the noise was.
I nailed a picture to the wall.
Then the ape shocked the family by hurling feces toward them.
It was the longest wait ever.
She decided to give the party a chance.
I've read a lot of interviews with him and the band.
A few days later the car smelled very bad.
Mike's son was excited to see his father.
I would like to go one day.
Marie decided to be in a school play.
He didn't have any money for food.
Finally the day was here, and Leo had everything set up.
I received a phone call from my doctor.
At first, he felt lost without it.
Steven and Jessica stayed home for the weekend instead.
He looked outside, and saw a line of people waiting for him.
Tom went to the zoo to see the elephants.
I found what I wanted on the internet.
She noticed there was a lot of smoke in the room.
Ken was trying to watch Netflix.
Last year, my family went to Hawaii for spring break.
Beth had failed to run up a steep hill in track practice.
They received a standing ovation from the crowd.
He nervously raised his hand and waited a bit.
Shooters were lined up.
John tried to coax the bear with salmon to no avail.
The lost city of Atlantis
Unfortunately he never became the best tennis player.
She wanted to have the biggest pumpkin in the family.
Kim has been wanting a new wardrobe.
He waited in line patiently at the checkout.
Tom decided to stay with him longer because of it.
His eyes began to drift shut.
She pushed the tooth and off it came.
She made some beautiful curtains for her bedroom.
I put my on my clothes, my shoes, and go into the kitchen.
I had found a card worth $10, and one worth $30!
Unfortunately he got hit by it too.
Cindy wanted new shoes.
She was finally able to concentrate on her laptop.
When she finished, she sent the album to companies.
At the end of the night, David was missing a pair of shoes.
Dan's friend didn't seem to appreciate that quite as much.
I walked back home and felt better.
Andrew wanted to plant an apple tree.
My friend Sheila posted on facebook that her train was stopped.
He noticed his electric bill was more expensive than usual.
Elizabeth loved soccer.
They gather logs and kindling for a fire.
Brian is a well-respected journalist.
Roxy is now happy with the way her body looks.
Their parents agreed.
I was tired of wasting my money.
I wished him good luck in the case.
She hasn't studied at all for this test.
His boss was standing at the door waiting for him.
Ben was training to become a police officer.
All of us were in the cafeteria and couldn't get out.
She looked at the giraffes and lizards.
After putting his collar and leash on, we left the house.
Terry began to worry and went back inside.
Janet had been feeling tired and unwell for a week.
The oyster appeared old and dead.
She found a fake skeleton to put in her yard.
Mary Beth owned a gift store.
He went to visit the next patient, but looked briefly behind him.
Norbert had eaten some Greek salad and his teeth were not their best.
I could not see the girl coming toward me.
The doctor told her that a healthier diet may work.
I needed a new outfit for my job interview.
The entire time he kept fidgeting and talking.
On the opening night of the play she forgot several lines.
Tom almost never left his house.
The kids didn't wash their dishes after dinner.
After the soreness left my body, I was able to go back to class.
Luckily her teacher had brought sick band remedies.
Benzi didn't let that stop him at all.
Jay had just arrived to his first day at college.
Omar wanted a cheesecake for his birthday.
Sam was tired after watching a movie.
Anne became very sad and depressed.
Ted ran the the embassy and then was flown out of the country.
Maya wanted her dad to have a birthday cake.
Karl the supermarket bag boy was faced with a dilemma.
Hugo was feeling very down one day.
Kevin's parents promised to take him back.
I went to Japan.
None of her friends could guess what she was.
They had fun catching small fish.
He said that his flip phone from 2005 worked just fine.
Meghan and I went to the beach one time.
The cop sat at his speed trap.
She didn't know what to wear.
My wife and I went to watch a game in 1990.
Kelly went to the bowling alley.
He headed for the pool and realized he had no bathing suit.
We went to Hollywood Studios for the day on vacation.
Then she slipped and fell.
I went home with several phone numbers.
Bill eagerly watched the news for canceled schools.
It's hard, when so many people depend on him.
When it is election time, he becomes president.
Miss Huxley's son was missing.
I had missed the beginning of the lecture.
Finally Janice agrees to go swimming.
Corey took the ball and scored to win the game!
He saw lights and heard a siren.
Tom was relaxing in his backyard.
But I couldn't find any florists.
Tom and his friends arrived at the hotel and found the casino.
One day she found a book containing The Scarlet Ibis.
The judges looked over all of the paintings at the event.
She was disappointed at the quality upon them out.
My wife was working downstairs late one night.
Now I always know where my turtle is.
Jimmy farted in class.
Kathy wanted some flashy new jewelry.
Riley threw a glass of water at Tina and Tina went back.
Fortunately he had some oars, and Sue helped him paddle back to shore.
However, Abby did not like to pay the shipping cost sometimes.
He hadn't even loaded the dishwasher!
3, 2, 1, go!
The first time he used it he fell.
Tina wanted to go on a date with brian.
The scrap of paper was all washed out afterward.
Since he injured the person, the coach removed him from the game.
When he finally used them, it was well worth it
Then his coworker had an emergency and asked him to stay late!
Jane and her family went to the apple orchard.
He sat at the table, and waited for his mom.
Amber wanted to go to college.
Jake was studying for his math test in the library.
There was a kid there who kept following him.
They went to the pet store.
Matt's father decided to stop to get a snack.
I recently heard that the park had finally tore it down.
I will probably set the date in the summer.
Laura wanted to buy items on a video game.
She arrived at the airport and I greeted her.
His girlfriend of three years just left him.
When their kid turned 13, he asked if he was black or white?
They looked at each name and couldn't agree on anything!
Jim realized that having a good family made him a winner.
Suddenly he heard a terrible racket!
The weather was bad in the area and the flight couldn't leave.
His friend, Ted, helped motivate him to go on a date.
She had to wait until the next day in order to call her mother again.
He unfortunately couldn't find any stores.
Jim wanted a cat.
In the store, she looked at all of the sales.
I wondered where they all were.
As soon as she got there she had an attack.
The race started at one o'clock shortly after Tom arrived.
Erin dreamed of fishing as a job one day.
Inside, she found the most perfect set of china.
Emily was looking for something in her brother's room.
Bill went to his first real party in the tenth grade.
One day Betty forgot her lunch.
The only people that can tell them apart is her parents.
He wasn't sure how to do it.
He wanted it to be beautiful and functional.
Her husband got home from work.
He put the batter into the freezer.
He climbed inside and found an attic with old boxes still inside.
Bill's family understood.
She had never seen the ocean before!
Jimmy lived in a neighborhood with a lot of kids.
She had gone up two sizes, and nothing fit right.
All the sudden she lost crystals.
They spotted a large deer.
They all knew he just wanted to show off his new house.
I went with a friend to hear a couple bands.
When a teen, my friend and I lied to our parents.
Hallie had to go see the doctor.
Nothing was wrong until Jeff kicked a glass of orange juice.
He tried unsuccessfully to remove it himself.
Allan has a cat living in his yard.
The other day I went to the pool by myself.
The visitors heard about the exhibits and went to the museum.
In a month she found someone that she is now in a relationship with!
He left  Guillermo with an inheritance.
It was as much fun as he expected it to be!
Glenda went to her son's house to use his computer to check her email.
Then, she put her wedding ring in the locker.
Fred went to the store to get some more.
She saw him, and thought nothing of it.
She auditioned to get a scholarship to a good school.
During the college semester, Mike never attended the English class.
She found rings on sale.
The new kid beat him.
Carlos needed new oil for his car.
Tory saw an advertisement for a baby contest.
Andy then decided to add a one mile run to his daily exercise routine.
Tina was not sure what to get her sister.
Her first show received lots of views, and was a big success!
Flo eventually learned that she lost her investment due to bad advice.
Finding a dozen beautiful roses, Joan became very happy.
The water was going everywhere!
Looking up the blowing clouds had an immediate beneficial effect.
Peter wanted to go to the mall to buy new clothes.
The business did all of its sales online.
He requested a replacement card.
She was eating a sandwich and spilled crumbs all around.
Emily had always wanted a pet but her parents didn't.
Jervis has always loved his neighbors.
Inside his apartment they found out he was a Serial killer.
When they viewed their photo Matt Lauer was in the background.
My husband and I wanted to go on an exotic vacation.
They even saw some shooting stars!
The cat saw them and ran instead.
Tony felt very blessed to live in an amazing place.
Everyone seemed fascinated by Maddie's project.
They finished the trip in Virginia before heading home.
So he decided to go jogging.
He found a lot of antelope on it.
It was the most magical time to go!
She saw the prettiest pair of orange and blue sandals.
Bella wasn't an idiot and recognized the lipstick for what it was.
A man climbed to the top of his house to escape the water.
It went into shock from too much food.
Samantha bought an air purifier from the store.
For years, Gabe still wanted to do ballet but felt too ashamed.
Now the cashiers at Winn Dixie always watch us when we go there.
I decided to make a counter by offering $5000.
He agreed that dinner and drinks would be appropriate.
Jean had been left a family heirloom.
And he lost!
The whole family went hiking in Rocky Mountain National Park.
Ashley wasn't feeling well.
My 99 year old friend Ben is losing more of his memory.
Unfortunately it died quickly.
The other day, however, he saw an Asian girl standing alone outside.
He always worked hard.
She admired him from afar for two years.
I usually just toss my garbage at the trash can.
He ran everyday on the treadmill.
She wasn't able to afford any gifts that year.
Bob was expecting a package in the mail.
Josh and his family lived on the beach.
Ted finished, and Jane paid Ted.
His first surfboard seemed to be a total waste of money.
I decided to make my own perfume to give to her.
A woman went on a business trip to Ohio.
When I was in the dollar store, I looked around.
Eventually even his kids didn't want to see him.
At this point she was so far in that turning back was useless.
When they arrived, they swam happily for a few hours.
I went to the dollar store with my child.
Nia's grandmother was almost 80 and knew a lot of Spanish recipes.
Amy, Beth and their dates arrived together.
He decides to start practicing.
Kim sat on a bench in the park.
Her friends ended up eating numerous tacos.
I have been waiting patiently for my turn.
I went to the front desk to check in.
I was never invited.
Tom went to a coffee shop.
I needed a new iPad.
She couldn't wait to see her grade.
Joanne went sky diving and was very proud of herself.
The trainer examined his ankle.
Izzy's pet hamster escaped one night.
The coffee still tasted too hot.
Liz dreaded going back to school because she had new braces.
Ava found her to be invaluable!
The judge listened patiently to both sides.
Tom always got in trouble for talking.
Jane went to the city with friends.
He both kept his old friends, and made many new ones.
I noticed a beautiful blue jay.
My fingers were swelling from arthritis.
I was ready to go to my driver's license test a while ago!
I went to the store last night to buy some potato chips.
They looked at the different brands.
He suddenly found a beautiful girl.
Mike's son lived two hours away.
Bob listened to the music James gave him.
She enjoyed the food very much.
And they all agreed she was very talented.
Duchess the cat was sleeping on the couch one day.
That meant losing game privileges.
It was 6 AM when Gina and her family arrived in Minnesota.
Ted had a toothache and went to see the dentist.
I was nervous to be going to this church.
A bully named Val pushed Ali down.
Michael went to an Indian buffet.
Mike went to a private school for high school.
He had no friends and hated almost everything.
She said he was still in the kitchen.
Joe saw that the sky was turning a funny color.
He wanted to buy a chair that was better for his back.
She asked her friend, Greg, to bring food to her house.
As the car moved, I fell over.
His team had won all of their games so far and were in the finals.
She got a mop.
Steve checked reviews online.
I found her strapped to the chair.
I couldn't find one because they were so tacky.
The whole family survived the fire.
He spotted a Spider Man cereal bowl.
They couldn't believe they saw a celebrity.
After a lap around the cemetery he went back home to sleep.
Janice suffered a deep laceration to her foot and went to a hospital.
Mario's wife was found safe and sound.
I waited in the room for the doctor.
He went down one more time, then went home to nap.
After thinking, I found the egg in the oven.
Fred lost the key to his house.
Sometimes the ball was to far away to hit.
She was determined to be a professional dancer.
Polly checked out three of the books and had fun reading them.
John was sad to find the barrel empty.
I hopped in the pool and cooled off.
Ryan never liked cats.
He waited until August, when peaches were ripe and perfect.
Tom was able to buy his favorite treats.
She decided to sit on the steps and watch it.
Once I arrived, the party was well under way!
It needed a lot of work.
It needed a lot of work.
When the roller coaster ride started, he started to shout.
The closing ceremonies happened.
Karen lives in a small apartment with her cat.
Beth is now patiently waiting for the flowers to grow.
Her dog became disqualified.
She accidentally sat on the brush.
So when Miranda asked him for a beer, he gave it to her.
Sean was living in southern California.
Ally had to call out of work that day.
He tasted it, but it was much too sweet.
She said he would not take care of it.
Ben had never felt so alive before, and never would again.
I found some in blueberry and chocolate.
But she didn't want to criticize her grandma.
I could not believe the obscene price.
The ferry ride over had made him hungry!
He is the biggest scaredy-cat I have ever seen!
That felt somehow liberating to the man.
Lenny hadn't seen one of his friends in years.
He eventually became good at painting.
Julia felt like her prayers were answered.
Then the dog owner swooped the dog up into their arms.
He ran to his freezer for an ice pack.
The owner saw the bowl.
Suddenly she realized she was sinking!
It wasn't exactly what they wanted but they were happy.
Before long, Ken and the new girl had become close friends.
Micky needed a present for his girlfriend.
He dreamed too much.
When I was little, I saw the movie "Jaws".
She was across the street and gone before I knew it.
The line was going out the door.
She went from store to store but couldn't find anything.
It crashed to the floor.
I accidentally shot a nail through my hand.
He drove to the nearest store to see if they had it in stock.
She knew her mother would be upset.
When it doesn't get enough water it droops.
John finds treasure.
Kelly had been racing horses for Years now.
Tom was sitting at home.
Cindy wanted security bars for her windows.
Once inside, she knew how the place managed to stay in business.
He kept it hidden.
He got furious and kicked her on the back.
The kids whizzed through, knowing all the answers.
Her sister hated it.
Before I knew I couldn't feel the ground.
He drove to his hardware store.
Her other friend Kate said cheerleaders were stupid.
Tom went on a date with a new girl.
Joe felt embarrassed and angry.
He felt very lonely there.
One day at school Tom forgot his lunch.
Ava blended in more ice cubes and refreshed them.
The gas price was 30 cents less than what we normally pay.
Tim didn't get many girls.
I took her to the back of portable #5.
We never figured out what he had done wrong.
He is embarrassed and is considering his options.
He wanted to be more fit.
He waited and waited and waited some more.
He looked at the section for electronics.
Today I went to the new sushi place in town.
Susie then started to cry but went through with it.
My sister took me to the doctor's office.
Lisa really wanted to impress a group of popular girls at school.
Lisa was learning a new piece for the concert.
But she forgot her sweater!
Lynette felt so discouraged!
Her sister and brother did not.
Julie found a stray cat one day on a walk.
She never felt more alive and her anxiety was gone.
Virgil gave up and threw the recliner away.
They are arriving today.
My daughter is from Boston but lives in NYC.
The tiger catches the antelope.
When the workers showed up, Kyle was so hungry he left on his own.
Her shadow followed her.
She had looked forward to this all week long.
She felt badly for the tenants.
Someone must have released their fish there.
She crept into the living room and turned on the light.
30 minutes later, he noticed a pot of oatmeal on the stove.
Finally he received his pay check.
Finally, she put the DVD back in the case.
He decided to end his addiction.
Seeing this, her parents put her in lessons.
It was seen lurking around the neighborhood.
Kate wanted a new dress for the dance.
Then, she put the pizza in the oven.
She thought it was a sign of maturity.
After my new haircut, i almost cried for it.
I reached the top of the hill before he did.
Jake deserted because he was afraid of dying.
Tim had been looking forward to it for years.
He considered long-dead philosophers his closest of friends.
Johnny was a young boy who carried his skateboard everywhere he went.
She crashed and hurt her knee.
But she stilled hated how she looked in them.
Tom hated deleting any of them.
John spent his money wisely and he never worked again.
The next morning Mark slouched into the kitchen for breakfast.
He looked angry and threatened us to go home.
He owns several properties and rents to people on disability.
It worked for a little while.
Weather reports predicted heavy mudslides from an upcoming storm.
Martha was eating dinner with her husband.
It had snowed a lot over night.
Jen was serving her family a meal at her house.
Betty always cooked at home.
The man said he was from the government.
She looked everywhere.
She looked everywhere.
She looked everywhere.
She went to Costco and returned all of her books to buy food.
Jenny wanted to know why the water was red.
Sensors went off and lights flashed.
Traffic began to move faster.
The cab brought John back to his house.
Later that day, Natalie found out that the register was never counted.
They saw a deer through the bushes.
We needed a new desk for the house office.
Cindy really likes apples.
One day he was doing a survey on Amazon Mturk.
She wanted to get a Pandora bracelet for my wife.
Rob was not aware that he needed to break in his glove.
Lorraine invites all of her friends over to have a slice of pie.
I went to Boston Latin School in 1965.
When they left the orphanage,they were sad to leave their new friends.
The inspector said it wasn't up to code.
She had never expected the watch to be worth so much money!
She turned on the light.
My art style was influenced by animation.
Gary needed the laptop to be light, fast, and efficient.
Horace is so proud that he knows how to unicycle now.
Before they went to the club they had a couple drinks at Nina's house.
Tom got caught in his lie.
They enjoyed themselves as they talked the night away.
The horse kicked back and threw Kate off.
She saw her picture on a billboard.
He found a model that he was interested in.
Fred paid and went home to enjoy his burger.
Tom went to the doctor and received the necessary medical shots.
However, I woke up completely confused.
Tina, a teenager, is amused with how popular her mother is.
She came back to find my mother in law on the floor unconscious.
Millie formed her own small choir.
He looked everywhere for the tomatoes.
Kia planted a small cherry tomato plant in her yard.
He was able to play his electric piano through his headphones.
He found an article about himself.
Winner wouldn't have to pay for their food.
Tyler is eating breakfast.
As she took it out, she realized her contact ripped.
It was going to be delicious!
He learned a lot about water.
I guess I'm single now.
We went over the numbers.
They ate and watched tv.
A technician came to her home to repair the issue.
Amy noticed her husband was coming home late every night.
So she joined a cooking class.
Del's trip to Canada was further postponed.
She looked at it in the mirror.
She now is much more aware of the tactics used to entice her in.
It was with his crush Sandra who he had loved since the third grade.
The weather was going to be sunny and above ninety degrees.
John was pretty shaken up by the content of the movie.
Judy was cutting potatoes.
The next day they went fishing near their campsite.
The girls left the pet store with their new furry friend and new toys.
However, her hand bent back very strange.
The electricity flickered on and off.
After an hour, Claire collected two grocery bags full of juicy apples.
He looked inside the coffee machine, and there was vinegar inside it.
By the time they went to bed, they were sugar high.
Phil was able to prepare for the race and finished the marathon.
We had no way to communicate to our families.
During lunch, Sally couldn't find a place to sit.
Frustrated, he stopped a female jogger and asked for directions.
She had lost her job and was broke.
Kim had lost it, but now she had it again.
I went to the store to buy bodywash.
The water under the well carried it away.
Alex was shocked to be the last one in line.
Rachel felt left out during the holidays because she was Jewish.
Jill now sits outside enjoying her beautiful back yard.
Partway through, she realized she had a problem.
We went to the IHOP for breakfast.
He would often hit on her.
Bill sped off before the situation became worse.
He found the cause of her illness.
Then, she got her kids to fill the boxes with their toys.
They went in Joe's car.
Lucy didn't know what the expression meant.
Sheena's hair looks funny now.
The he noticed her sleeping high up in the tree!
They left and never realized her headphones were in the parking lot.
I used to walk home from school with a girl from the neighborhood.
Terry stopped being friends with them.
Sarah was nowhere to be seen.
His stomach was feeling sort of sour.
Travis was glad his practice paid off.
Rhonda went home feeling grateful and satisfied.
Dilbert liked soda.
Overall, I went bankrupt after paying the bill.
Today it snowed three feet of perfect snow.
Chad was helping his grandparents clean out their attic.
The bartender knew this look very well.
The announcement that he was happy and excited to see family.
He had to use his phone to call his mother.
Yesterday Kevin proposed to his girlfriend Candy.
Tim never trusted his parents the same way again.
She was fine, everyday after that they would hang out at the park.
She hated the thought of not knowing anyone
He ditched him at a young age.
Susie got a brand new pair of shoes.
Suddenly, she was stuck at the base of some stairs.
She went to a special place.
Jessie has a new found confidence.
One teacher patiently helped him.
They stood in the middle of the floor in the living room.
No one even noticed I was missing.
She saw a disgusting bug on the floor.
One day her younger brother bent down and tied his shoes by himself.
One weekend, she left her cupcakes on the windowsill to cool.
I read the first one.
She thought that was so strange!
He woke up late and threw something on.
The nursery was ready for when the baby arrived.
Quentin had always wanted to meet people nearby his apartment.
Andrew realized his car was filthy.
She purchased some yarn and found a cute baby blanket pattern.
When they finished, Joe headed home.
He gradually built up his speed and shooting skills.
His grade improved a good bit.
Upon arrival, Amanda saw a sign warning of bears.
She just couldn't get it!
Ben bought a 70 inch flat screen TV.
Everything was perfect until he realized no one knew about the party.
Dan is reading a book.
Allen always wanted to know how to cook.
His mom told him he had to wait.
She realized she had eaten not long before.
The cheer squad was able to get new uniforms.
She wanted to know his reason for speeding.
Gina wanted the new boy to see her angry face.
Roberta felt good for the first time in a while.
She will continue to work on her backhand.
Blanch put on her bikini.
When he arrived he was a little nervous.
Anna made a daisy chain ten feet long!
George was excited to see his family for Christmas.
Orson almost missed school yesterday.
He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best.
Jacob left the store with an unpaid item accidentally.
He got written up at work.
Nala withdrew her hand to nurse her gouges.
He wanted to be on his high school team in the following year.
Lance pushed on without his shoe to try and beat his time.
My dog loved tennis balls.
Then he took out his report card and showed it to her.
Whit waited and waited.
Ken realizes he needs a new tv.
I saw a man in the theater filming the movie.
John really needed a job.
He had always been fascinated by them.
It took him a long time to find it.
Amy had been crying all night.
Becky followed the sound to find the kitties in the bathtub.
I brought her a stuffed animal as a gift.
I stopped doing my homework and went to bed.
Amy had just arrived at the dorms where she lived.
It won first prize!
Allie wanted a child.
Darcy brought home a cat.
John was bored on his day off.
The tooth was gone and there was a dollar in its place!
He went for a swim in the warm ocean water.
She hadn't seen him since then.
He walked down the street until he got to the store.
Finally, the snake left.
They counted the number of different plants.
He retired on social security.
He'd avoid staying out too much for that reason.
Maria settled in well and adopted a kitten for her new place.
The stapler broke today.
James enjoys his morning coffee.
Tessa couldn't find any trees without ugly gaps.
He sees a dog stuck in a tree.
I wanted to go to my friend's house.
The entire time her daughter was making the mess.
He just let them go right after and kept the memories only.
He ended up spending several hours watching Youtube videos.
Wordlessly, she ushered them to her home, bringing Kleenex and water.
First she found tons of candy in it.
He was going 90 MPH on the highway.
When she received her tests, she saw she had Parkinson syndrome.
She wore it proudly around town.
Also her parents put bars on her window.
Tom watched BBC Earth one day.
He never forgot his homework again.
He found out for a good price but abraham is kind of cheap.
Mother told me the truth and brother got yelled at.
Ken found the dusty old book, just sitting there.
They ended up with a new TV and a gift certificate.
Gina sat in the school library alone.
She really needed the extra money.
One day, Jimmy went too far with his teasing.
That day he lost all the money in the banana stand.
We felt much better after.
She decided to reinvent herself.
And i'm sleeping early at night.
John accepted and eat the two chilies.
Grandma enjoyed the birthday party and all her gifts.
We had to wait a long time to play a game.
His wife bought him a new hairbrush.
Jon went to jail for petty crimes.
His mechanic installed the new part afterwards.
So she needed a new one.
Kia even had enough left over to share with her neighbors!
She realized though that the little guy was sleepy.
Brian decided to cheat to beat Harry.
Three days later, the gift had still not arrived.
Elsa's family visited a beach where wild horses lived.
First, he made sure he had all the supplies he needed.
Raya went to visit her family in Iran.
She found a pink one that she really liked.
Tim felt a stronger connection to the thinkers after reading.
Before finishing his first turn around the pond, he saw her.
Cathy knew she had to purchase a much larger fish tank.
They went out of business a few years back.
Eventually the two were caught and fired.
Something seemed off about it, but he kept eating.
She went dress shopping with her mother.
Kathy needed a new hobby.
It was her first time visiting the city.
She worried about it a lot.
There, he found good food and friendly locals.
Allen went in a fishing trip.
They wanted to eat big bowls of cereal.
I waited a long time for the perfect wave.
She couldn't sleep one night from her back hurting.
She left them on even when she wasn't there.
They finally reached the fairgrounds in the early evening.
Chris told him not to mention it and the two went off.
He roamed around the house looking for his toy.
Kate was upset because she paid to enter the club.
Last April I woke to the sound of tornado sirens.
She wanted to pick out a really nice looking dress.
Feeling nervous, he started fidgeting.
All of the food inside the cooler spoiled in a most unpleasant matter.
James had a motorcycle accident and lost his leg.
Stephen knew he needed a new turtleneck.
He couldn't wait.
Bob's car broke down in the middle of the road.
She put the baby in the sink.
Fiona wasn't happy with her face and wanted a change.
He kept hearing noises.
It was really cold, and I had forgotten my gloves.
Afterwards, she built a large snowman in her front yard.
He accidentally lost it there.
He looked at the colors and assumed it was poisonous.
He bought his own racket stringer.
She got her food.
Tommy stood up and every looked at him.
She searched her backpack for the paper but she couldn't find it.
Charlie went to company headquarters and applied in person.
Susie saw someone flying a kite at the park one day.
Cecily liked scary stories and read all that she could.
Amanda gets the ball puts up the shot and it goes in!
Tom was struggling in school.
Nell's class went to an amusement park for a special treat.
I dreamed I was a young English guy.
Jimmy then remembered he had a sandwich in the fridge.
She had watched a very scary movie!
I absolutely loved it when I opened it.
George wanted to be fireman.
My friend saw a handsome man who she liked.
Tim would need a ride to the airport.
She was done for awhile.
But his dog Fido had to go potty.
Ellen decided not to be so careless about breaks.
It felt good to her.
He would write to-do lists and reminders.
I haven't seen my parents in a long time.
The movie was good, but I missed out on having popcorn.
He made the hard decision to leave and go to work.
She ran every day and never ate junk food.
Her friends arrived at 6:00 pm.
Jane wanted to tryout for cheerleader.
But in the end, she had to pay the money out of her own pocket.
David's mother insisted he visit her and bring his family.
I had seen Mark in 2013, but not since then.
He owned many exotic maps.
I thought my mother would agree with me.
Allie was working.
She wasn't expecting a baby shower however.
Our cat hates it.
Andy saw a commercial for a new toy.
I went on a first date with a girl last night.
With the sticks, he spelled out a large SOS.
They stayed in place all the way to the party.
I went to the theme park for the rides.
Kim lost her favorite purse at her grandparents house.
The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned.
It took them two weeks to find something they both liked.
He and his mom went to the store to look for one.
His friends accept the challenge.
All the sudden her water broke.
All the sudden her water broke.
Sarah went to the graveyard one evening.
My niece just bought a huge cage to house the guinea pigs.
That was why she had not heard her alarm.
Next they went on the swings.
Kate was getting ready to go grocery shopping.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a blur.
He called his parents, who lived nearby.
She was excited to buy her new dress.
The creepy man followed!
All of her friends compliment her on her new short hair look.
This Monday, she just hired someone.
Jane heads to the dealership to see what they have.
Jenn preferred going to the lake by herself after that.
He punched the button and waited patiently for the elevator.
Amber and Peter had to learn lots of words for the play.
He went to the optometrist.
He went to the optometrist.
Abby walked down the road.
She kept the egg warm in her bed.
Scooter then put the two slices of bread into a toaster.
Beau was riding his bike.
Bertha lost her last friend when she was eighty years old.
Abby went to the state capital on the charity's behalf.
The match was going to be a very intense one.
They left at 8 AM.
They were going to Mexico!
I felt fully awake now.
Jeremy went to the mall to buy a shirt.
He realized that his hard work is what made him good at the sport.
So he started to make up new ones.
She needed hot dog buns for the party.
Kate wanted a new dress.
They were drinking orange juice from a jug.
They ended up on the block Amy's crush Ray lived on.
One day Terry went to the stadium and found out it closed down.
His parents encouraged his love of reading.
The attached note merely said they were from an admirer.
She was 53 and looked old enough to be the inspector's mom.
She needed to find them quickly.
They agreed to go to counseling together.
My friend Dan and I went to the park.
It was going to be a best friend tattoo.
She learned how to twirl with a ribbon.
It was the fanciest car she'd ever seen!
It made cutting the grass harder.
Beth learned that her grandmother was terminally ill.
Janet mentioned this to her doctor during her check-up.
By the end of the class, she wasn't as good as she wanted to be.
He was hurt and upset over it.
Evan wanted something fuel efficient.
I asked the teacher if she had seen them.
I realized that I left the cap on the lens.
The alarm went off.
I tried it for the first time.
Her mother took her to DSW so she could try on some shoes.
They almost considered leaving.
Mark's parents went looking for him and found him soon.
Eventually I found a store that had clothes in my style!
She sat at the bar and had a glass of wine while she waited.
After I called roadside assistance they replaced my tire!
He mounted the television and stood back to admire his work.
She found a four leaf clover in her backyard.
They went on a shopping spree.
They denied him his right.
When the men came to audit him he went up to the roof.
The boys went outside and Dan aimed the gun at the sky.
After graduation Dan went on to medical school instead of the NHL.
When my friend asked me to hang out, I became furious.
My friend Joe and I send each other books.
She always wanted a daughter.
Then I saw the neighbor's cat hiding behind the tree.
The store was out and she left to go somewhere else.
I became ill.
Kim knew her brother needed new shoes.
Jan was horrified to find a pimple the day before prom.
One day she saw an electric blanket at the store.
The school kids did not care.
Emma had to go away for a few months.
He barked all day and night.
Amy was having trouble paying her rent on time.
She went out on a date with them.
She arrived home well after curfew.
They woke up feeling refreshed and had a big breakfast in the lobby.
He couldn't find it anywhere.
I saw a bird.
He walked in the rain for three blocks, getting soaking wet.
She waited patiently for the plants to sprout.
Maybe they wouldn't recognize her either!
Larry finds one that is both fashionable and warm.
She sees her parents enjoying a beer.
They wanted to firm a baseball team, but none of them had equipment.
India's daughter, after a few tries, stayed in the lines.
His wife died after five years of suffering.
Grief for a patient who died made Jo doubt her ability as a counselor.
I realized the dog had chewed through the hose.
Hal's house was looking dreary.
Gina was ready to leave her dad's mom's house.
He located the nearest botanica.
When he got to class, his teacher postponed the test.
Becky was a very bright girl who loved being a cheerleader.
She told her boss she wanted to take her vacation in July.
Every day Jill took a walk.
A man went in for an eye exam.
We stood at the railing of the boat, my arms around her.
After his funeral I saw rainbows 3 times in one week.
She couldn't even sleep.
He was confused and excited and went to the court.
I first saw The Exorcism when I was in eighth grade.
So, she had to stay up late into the night to finish it.
Then, I noticed my mom through it away by accident.
This year they decided to go to the beach.
His mom put him to bed right away.
Otto's mom decided to give him a treat.
The doctor found that John had the flu and needed medication.
He paid with cash and left the restaurant.
His wife must put the cans in the pantry facing the same direction.
At first she felt overwhelmed.
So they went to the boardwalk and played arcade games instead.
Me and my friends went for a fishing trip.
He wanted to have a huge party with beer and music and lots of action!
But Anna kept her cool - she remembered how short summer was.
Greg decided to pass the tape off as his own.
Ben received a new guitar for his birthday.
Amy appreciated the feedback since she looked up to Sue.
She approached it with apprehension.
Her crush invited her to go this friday.
I took her to the park and had her drive around the grass.
He then told the teacher that he lost his homework.
Kimberly's school was putting on a talent show.
Larry showed up unannounced on his brother's doorstep.
The instructions called for a shovel, but Vince didn't have one.
They went and saw the sights of great cities like Paris and London.
She was excited to learn the job.
People always have told me I had a good eye for color.
She liked the action sequences.
Her baby seems to have bad stomach cramping.
Ben was fired from the job.
Irina wanted to enjoy the outdoors.
Thankfully, it was negative, but Brit had learned her lesson.
But the weather called for snow, so she had to get creative.
Sue is unable to drive a car.
On his way back, he sit on the plane next to an Italian woman.
He loved how they built dams.
Greg went to walmart.
He felt pain in his stomach one day.
Joanna was walking down the street after finishing school.
Greg was driving home from a bar when he ran into a DUI traffic stop.
After a while, Tim went to look for Jerry.
She found a sweater she really liked.
Before long, the ferry had left without him.
Practice had not been going well.
His brother smiled and then threw his own rock.
Allison's class went on a field trip to a zoo.
Locals invited other people.
He also went into the locker room to cry.
I went to a buffet last week.
If Selene failed the exam, she would fail the class.
The next day, his eyes felt dry and irritated.
She purchased her supplies, including tools, dirt and seeds.
Alice never went to summer camp before.
The teacher calls the students one right after another.
However, they also taught me how to play.
The oncoming vehicle was about two blocks away when I pulled out.
The three posed for a beautiful picture at the end.
She even hiked a little in the Swiss Alps!
I wanted a way to stay awake on Friday nights.
We got a few different kinds of ice cream.
When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk.
I went to find a rag to clean it off.
I wanted to help raise money for public television.
Once Andy was done, Andy took the kite to his daughter's school.
She wondered what they were looking at.
She saw a hilarious video.
Aimed at her face, they helped her cool off a lot!
Gina usually stayed awake till 1 AM in the summer.
When I looked in the game's case, the CD was missing.
She invited all of her friends.
He put it in a large online marketplace.
A USA sprinter was competing in the Olympic semi-finals.
One day, Jim Bob decided he had worked enough for his life.
The employees could imagine sitting in the shade on their lunch break.
He was putting graffiti on the walls.
Sister Snatch was sorry she had chosen a life with few pleasures.
We were running around to various Pokestops.
She saw a Thai restaurant but doubted its quality.
He got his friend to talk to her.
The couch immediately put him on the team.
The friend turned over his cards.
Eventually she went home early.
It was cold, so he put on his robe.
She never answered or showed up.
She got ready to get down on all fours.
When they were ready, she served them on bright yellow plates.
The tractor smashed through the fence and kept going.
I realized I should always pay my taxes.
He got some water from the well.
I did not have money for new jeans.
Tom moved to Mexico.
My uncle lives on a bay.
He showed his wife the money.
We finally settled in our new house.
She told everyone the world was coming to an end.
They agreed to meet after every class.
I always obey the speed limit and all rules of the road.
When I was 12 years old, my dad got angry and kicked me aggressively.
From a very young age he knew he wanted to graduate early.
One day Tim made the winning basket.
She preferred to talk to boys and skip class.
His wife and kids knew this.
He changed his diet and signed up to a local gym.
One night she waited on a horrible person.
Beth was relieved when Jake was happy about the pregnancy.
While looking out one day he saw a husband and wife fighting.
They  jump up to try to get the ripe figs.
It was hard to go into the room.
We finally found a compatible dog.
The woman wondered what the gloves were for.
His friends were not paying attention so they believed him.
Soon he was cured!
She also studied for all the test.
She was too embarrassed to call her friends.
And I left in more pain and stress than before.
Joe was quite afraid he would catch the flu.
Amy decided to go with a size larger.
Vera wanted to be a fashion designer.
Tom felt gross about it.
When we were there we saw all of our friends.
But everything he saw was too expensive for him!
He did not have anything to cook at his house.
The man felt less happy.
He had trouble finding enough food.
Last night my dog, Pippin, went out just before bedtime.
John was able to receive the cords that evening.
She had applied for many jobs and heard nothing back.
They watched many funny videos together.
She sat at the computer with gauze in her mouth.
Sally owned a salon.
She was surprised when she saw it was a baby duck!
Samantha's dad broke the recorder.
Sam wanted to go hiking.
That friend stayed over.
When he got to the range he realized he forgot his ammo.
In two weeks he had little seedlings to plant in the spring.
I took her to a all seafood buffet at Bally's and she loved it.
He wanted to go to Disneyland.
Phil was glad he got to spend the day with his dad, fish or no fish.
She couldn't keep up with all of her bills.
Ana received a letter from her car insurance company.
I went from shoe store to shoe store.
It would not stop chirping at night.
When she went to the dentist she had lots of cavities.
Buddy was interested in a device to keep track of his workout.
She needed to use the bathroom.
Jasmine wanted a cat since she was a little girl.
He nearly fainted.
Maddie really wanted a puppy.
The salesman asked me all sorts of questions.
Today I had forgotten to bring my umbrella.
Kevin was going to ask Lisa to the dance.
As students we were grateful for the mistake and enjoyed the day.
Then, I remember that I lost twenty dollars a couple weeks ago.
Her mother adopted the dog for her.
He was now able to see the fight for free.
She told me to stop being a creep.
Greg was lost in an area.
She heard a thunk and the sound of fake crying.
An internship program for an event planning company opened up.
One scene made everyone anticipate a large battle near the end.
Susie wanted an iPad.
Jamie found a pair of toy high heel shoes that the little girl liked.
Before the Mexican cartels there existed the Colombian cartels.
And she took care of it everyday.
When she woke in the morning there was money under her pillow.
She slammed the mirror on her medicine cabinet too hard.
He swung on it for for hours when he finished making it.
Susan never bought a pie from that store again.
Last night, he stopped me.
I watched the full game.
They went to Thailand and Malaysia.
The children looked surprised at what happened.
I realized how much energy I wasted on Abraham.
Alex was dreading middle school starting.
He saw a lizard fall out of his clothing.
Simon remembered having fun at Chuck E Cheese's we he was younger.
Kim was eating a popsicle.
He noticed it had a flat tire.
I accidentally ate one that had landed in my food.
Dan caught the pass and scored the winning touchdown.
They now stood in line to enter the concert hall.
Hillary needed a new job.
He hated delivering the sales papers every week.
She received a book on juggling one birthday from her funny Aunt Ruth.
After about four Years And finally figured out it was just a phrase.
He limped his way to the side door of the apartment building.
It was going to be slightly farther from his job.
She put them from tallest to shortest.
Zach needed a date for his brothers wedding.
Suddenly I heard laughing, but it was the cackle of my little brother.
She could not see the landmarks.
He was excited until he looked down.
It was ball season and Stacey needed some new shoes.
She tells her parents she wants to stay forever.
She squeezed the bottle of bubble bath.
I went to the store looking for a new phone case.
But one day Marly took it off briefly, and lost track of it after.
Charlotte was relaxing at the park.
On her final night at the cabin she saw a beautiful shooting star.
Susan called a friend and asked for help.
She couldn't believe she had a car finally.
Wendy's children left their toys on his yard overnight.
At the end of the day, Elizabeth went back home.
He checked his router and found the problem.
The cow ate the grass.
Months passed by and Jackson continued to struggle.
She thought the color would be great for her.
He cleaned the floors and the bathrooms.
Domino's pizza was one of the first pizza chains I remembered.
As he waited to pay he saw a dirty child in shabby clothing.
It was a new release that had just came out.
Greg and Molly were going to have a new babysitter tonight.
Marie had accumulated two weeks of vacation time at work.
Kim was making her famous spaghetti sauce.
They know everything about each other.
He looked around and noticed a hole at the bottom.
Susie wanted to go to beauty school.
Upset and angry, Chanel went into panic mode about her party.
He tried to arrange them on his book case and coffee table.
Rick had a few drinks and felt very relaxed.
She saw a stray kitten near the garbage can.
Ned realized that he had fallen in a patch of poison ivy!
About halfway there she notices a 40 year old man following her.
Kenny has always wanted to play professional baseball.
I think she was using it for a surrogate boyfriend.
Katie needed a new dress for prom.
Ray finds it all to be working.
He looked away at something for a while.
She was stuck on the train track.
Kim was looking forward to going on a cruise for a very long time.
When he returned home he was too tired to go to the store.
She goes out with a group of friends on her 21st birthday.
Joe sent an email to all his friends.
Troy crept to Amy's desk with his hand behind his back.
He laughed at me and told me he already let the dog in.
Jody's grandma always gave practical gifts.
The Chinese do this during Ching Ming.
Alexander went back to bed.
We sat straight up.
The other nights, they went to bed hungry.
He remembered that he left them in a kitchen drawer.
She liked how they kept her arms warm.
It skipped three times.
She was a  little girl again watching her father slaughter pigs.
Still, she wanted to go so she bought tickets.
Jill sat in her backyard in her bikini.
The electricity went off.
Her husband felt bad because she really wanted them.
She went into anaphylactic shock as a result of ingesting nuts.
She only found the cremated ashes in it days later.
She showed up abandoned in front of my house.
When she stood up, she felt something fall from her shirt.
Maggie went to an arcade.
The noise attracted the snipes.
She saw that her old favorite cartoon, The Flintstones, was on TV now.
It left her full and tired enough to sleep.
The dog went out to the front.
I opened the door and found him smoking.
Tim went mountain climbing.
Tom was happy he found a fun way to spend more time with his kids.
She read every book she could find in the library at school.
After many months, she let go of the real world to become a nun.
She died 12 months later, 6 months too soon.
They had fun playing in an inflatable gym.
I couldn't seem to keep it clean.
Soon Mark felt a tug on his line and struggled to reel it in.
With holes in her tights, Ann was so talented, everyone admired her.
Denise got hit by a car.
When i already have enough money to buy something happened.
It looked like a rainbow.
They had to leave the store empty handed.
One day Jarod got a pet rabbit.
Will is now an A-list blockbuster movie superstar.
We go to the water slide parks.
Larry was very appreciative and felt better the next day.
Dawson loved to cross country ski.
The cookies baked but no one liked them.
Fallen was able to see many types of marine animals.
It snowed in the valley.
Everybody went home at 1 pm, as the power was still out.
Becky saw a deer.
Martin was sewing a piece of clothing.
He did not do well in the contest.
He counted to keep pace with it.
She wanted something delicious.
Our granddaughter Ella lives in NYC, while we are in Boston.
She played some games and scrolled through facebook on it.
But that company closed down and now he is on unemployment.
She lapped up the milk healthily.
The boys' basketball team had lost every game this season.
She also got it dyed blue.
This time, her mom refused to pay for the replacement!
By the end of the day, he was falling less than Robert.
She watched her friends from the ground.
For some reason in the dark the house felt so scary.
The family went home happy.
As he walked, the bag ripped and spilled everywhere!
They flew away.
It took several months for the Pazzles to recover financially.
I went to it and saw it was just a chair and some clothing.
He wanted a new toy.
Some wanted roller coasters while others wanted slow rides.
Felicity wanted to attend a prestigious university.
Kim was happy even though she lost and was proud of herself.
Tiffany scored her first ever goal and won the game for her team.
Charlie and Susan went on a date.
Owen needed a community project for school.
When they arrived, her brothers went right into the water.
John got angry as well and took a muffin from his plate.
The deserted slope looked sad.
Unfortunately, he realized that he left his report at home.
Katie noticed that the boys didn't watch her.
The captain kept them calm.
They still died.
She was in charge of organizing the student parade.
I decided to do push ups.
She went outside to see what it was.
Tom was looking at his bank account.
She invited all her friends, and even baked a cake from scratch.
He had bought a lot of things for himself over the year.
I looked up the Internet access at her house.
Maria was supposed to pay her water bill one day.
Dan was pleased to see a local artist work at the exhibit.
Tom was playing videogames with friends.
The family had arrived at Disney World.
She also still managed to earn good grades for her work.
John saw  money his mother had left on the table.
Finally, he organized all of his stuff.
He took a seat at an empty table.
Harry then handed Marley his hard hat.
Dave sawed the tree down.
The blue car passed the red car on the final turn and won the race.
Together we could face any animosities.
We owned a condo from 1987 to 2013.
I put my son in the car.
He had his shopping list ready to go.
Holly had always wanted to pursue a Master's in Public Health.
Jen had left some expensive powder within reach in the bathroom.
He got a good deal on a great car.
One day his dog was missing.
The producer liked John's audition.
Susie needed a part time job.
One night she even saw a two shooting stars.
For the next three weeks I ate nothing but ham.
The animals became more active.
He found it to be dirty work.
She tried to get me to play the role of Sir Stephen.
He looked left, then right, then left again.
Ken wanted to learn to surf.
They did not care much about politics.
Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us.
She screamed and flicked it off.
Lisa then reviewed the home's video security footage.
Angel needed a quick and cheap dinner for her family.
So off she went.
She was repulsive and often put shows up for attention.
Before he knew it the bread had burnt.
He found that he really liked computers and fixing hardware.
Eventually he became an instructor.
She realized her husband had left a bag of chips in the bed.
He went to the doctors to get it checked out.
Doug was running for class president.
Jelly liked wine.
A man rolled his car to the gas pump with no gas in his tank.
He got out eventually, and thanked me for my efforts.
She failed terribly at algebra especially.
It went better than expected.
He said hello to his cat who was eating at the food bowl.
The Tolbert family loved to  barbecue on hot summer nights.
I went on a hike through the reeds behind my house.
They felt like they needed a break.
Ethan checked the weather.
He checked his watch.
So Joe looked online for a place he can ride one.
They were excited to go on the coasters,
Now Larry was wishing his drink was hot again.
I was going to a job interview at a prestigious law firm.
Brett got the surgery and his vision improved dramatically!
I was at school yesterday and I saw Erica.
But then it started to rain.
Chris always felt feminine on the inside.
He knew exactly what he wanted for Christmas.
Tom noticed it had a weird smell.
Then she sagged with relief - the berries were harmless mulberries!
He picked her up in his truck at eight.
I bought a new grill from the store downtown.
Edward had always wanted to be a hunter.
One day, a skinny cat staggered out of the bushes beside the road.
His daughter laughed at the comparison.
She remembered hearing about a prowler on the news.
One day the Teller family went to a baseball game.
They needed a lot of drink, because of how spicy the chicken was.
James packed sandwiches, salads, and desserts to take on a picnic.
He went to the dentist for his semi-annual cleaning and checkup.
He was enjoying the water and learning to surf.
He shoved the cloth into the trash.
Wally went out in a field with a metal detector.
Jim was going on a road trip.
The email requested that John carefully check for spelling errors.
But his jobs usually pay around ten dollars per hour.
The document was smeared.
Kay wanted a new car.
He was having a lot of fun but feeling light headed.
After quite a bit of begging her mom took her for the first time.
I did some research on browsers.
Amy sat in a chair while a woman braided her hair.
Placing her tongue to her front teeth she felt her tooth dangling.
New York was their destination since their relatives live there.
And she had no choice to but to leave.
Jerry took Candace to dinner.
He head down to his local guitar shop.
Suddenly, the power went out.
He received many great presents and was very grateful.
He checked under his bed.
The skies were darkened by their numbers.
Chunk even hated himself.
They went to a nice restaurant instead and had a great time.
Kat wanted to go to the prom.
Everyone kept wanting to eat more.
Her child missed the buss a lot.
When he got the results back, he did very well.
They were going to be on different teams.
Tom was going to his friend's wedding.
Suddenly she saw the water quickly recede.
He tried to use the paintbrush, but made a mess instead.
Andrea wanted to have a picnic.
So he was only made to apologize.
I had an appointment to see the dentist.
But at school, he was put into a group for a project.
He went to the gym for a few months and did bicep curls.
Jackie wanted to play sports with the boys.
He had a D and really needed to pass this test.
Pia worked at the family pizzeria, but had a secret.
Of course, Marnie continued to read.
He did not become a cook, but still cooks pizza for us.
The other people looked at her cart full of chocolate suspiciously.
Claire wanted to learn a new craft.
She could no longer afford to live so far from work.
She eventually started her own cheerleader camp that last beyond May.
Johnson wondered if Las Vegas would live up to his dreams.
The mallet left a big lump on my forehead but my friend did laugh.
Back in grade school, i had this teacher who doesn't teach us well.
He found a blue flower.
One day, Todd woke up with a fever.
When they put up Jan's painting, lots of people complimented it.
It grew quickly!
Finally Lisa decided to not be friends with Kelly anymore.
James recently met a woman who he really liked.
Today in class, some people came to give us a survey.
I spent a year learning my multiplication tables.
But unfortunately her wrinkles never went away.
I went to a department store today.
He feels happy to finally be a father.
We woke up late this morning.
Kia was relieved to get eight blissful hours of sleep!
She wasn't sure what to expect from the place.
Fearing no consequences, she romanced a boy of low class.
One day, she received a letter.
He saw that he had no clean socks.
He felt unhappy with how little energy he had.
She tried a couple more times and failed again.
We immediately called 9-1-1, and attempted to pass it.
Thanks to his practice Roy got 1st place in the state finals.
The pills made me feel all better again.
Allison has wanted a baby since she was eighteen Year's old.
The hill seemed to look taller every minute he was up there.
The Turner family goes on a camping trip every year.
Tim hates medication and wanted some  alternative remedies.
I took the slip to my mom for her to sign.
Abby enjoyed the elephant's trunk, but enjoyed looking at the ears.
Al loses the race.
He sat next to a nice boy on the bus.
She felt much better.
However, today seemed a bit different.
Jane was pleasantly surprised when he did so without incident.
I found a great match and went to visit her at her rescue group.
She wished she had a smartphone with a map.
When he had the ball, he ran towards the hoop.
The singer stood on stage and motioned to the band.
She didn't like paying club prices.
I watched several of my comrades die there.
She tried to stop her brother to ask him.
When he arrived with his mom he grabbed a map.
She had left the pool heater on all day accidentally.
He lost $1000 worth of material.
He applied to be a cashier.
Ross was lacking a family home life.
They went on a date.
But it didn't really suit her.
She never passed a note in class again.
When she saw sweet potato roll on the menu she had to try it.
She noticed a rope swing.
Joe wanted to be a rapper.
Dave eagerly awaited for his boss to see it.
I went on a bike ride with my best friend.
Eva went outside to skip rope.
I wrote the formulas for the test on a piece of paper.
Fred went to the beach with mike.
He checked the local craigslist listings and found one.
He bought cheap decorations and decorated his lower floor.
Tara slammed the front door behind her.
I wasn't hot anymore but I still wanted to go to the park!
She accidentally fell asleep watching the program!
When she showed it to me, it was completely frozen.
I contracted a bacterial infection from the smoked salmon.
She then went to the car.
We waited but the firecracker never went off.
Lucy loved candy canes.
I needed a pan way up high.
He took a deep breathe, ran forward, and took the leap.
Susan ordered the pasta.
Instead, I like to handwrite my work.
He failed his test.
He told them he was very thirsty.
Bob went to a work retreat at a fish camp.
Richard carefully drew his bow and aimed.
I failed the test horribly.
He decided to go watch a love movie by himself.
On his farewell tour, he breaks his knee in a game.
He slept in his car for a few days far from home.
Joyce's car wouldn't start.
Suddenly, I realized that I was out of sugar for the cookies.
His girlfriend Martha wanted them to go to the same college.
I bought as many cookies as I could to make them all proud and happy.
However she wanted $20,000.
Then we had to get in the ferry to go home.
He knew he needed a good grade to pass.
For my birthday I received a very complicated board game.
He checked out the house when he arrived.
Jack wanted to purchase a necklace for Amy's Christmas gift.
Jamie took a dancing class.
After five years Julie finally bought herself the car of her dreams.
There was someone staring at me from the other car.
And over time, Bill's food became very popular.
Aiden and Riley went to the toy store.
Jenny knew that the midterm was only a week away.
Bryan has now learned how to his math. 3.
He found that at every turn he encountered unnatural modernity.
Molly felt overwhelmed by the amount of people.
Griffin needed a new battery for his phone.
Ethan threw a huge summer party.
I told him the stroller was very common in America, where I am from.
Finally she decided to sew her own costume for Henry.
She went to the doctor to get it checked.
Upon inspection, he saw it had bent corners.
She knew she needed help to quit.
Sarah heard a knock at the door.
His engine began to make a noise.
McKayla had always wanted a guinea pig for a pet.
Brady often thought of that piece of coal.
Bernie Sanders wanted to be president.
Sara wanted to see the grandson next week, but the husband said no.
He noticed mold above the shower head.
We looked at all the cards in our hands.
The boy made his mom a wonderful picture.
His friend expressed frustration.
Gina wanted a boyfriend more than anything.
Eli forgot that he left his stove on.
But she realized it was becoming an addiction.
He hates going outside or doing anything social.
Tom decided to sell the car.
Larry found a hurt bird.
They realized that they had forgotten their sunscreen.
Mary did not know that Christian was allergic to coconut.
His friends recommended computer science.
The sound of explosions and gunfire emitted from the television.
The personal assistant saw a hundred dollar bill in the trash.
He wrote about its causes and effects.
My husband and I stayed in bed, not thinking twice about the rain.
He was alone in the tent but he felt together with nature.
Mike screamed in agony and had to have six stitches.
The condo owner liked him as he is young and handsome.
I was sitting on the couch beside him.
Then she saw three smaller snails following the first one.
One day, she ate a lot of shrimp while at a buffet.
It was scary and poorly lit.
Harry took his new money and bought textbooks.
I saw two small kittens sitting in the middle of the road.
A sound wakes me in the middle of the night.
The seller quickly shipped out a replacement.
I became the best attorney in the country.
He had to fight with the insurance companies to receive the money.
John went home dejected.
We wanted to find some crayons.
The part accidentally went into the machine while it was still on.
She noticed that her credit score was very low.
Dan had 2 fights in a week and this needed to stop.
I resolved to spend less time at work and more time with my children.
She ordered them right away.
At a town meeting people were upset about a pit.
Tom got home one night.
She fried up some tasty pancakes and served her mom breakfast in bed!
Nobody ever heard from Antwon again.
Thomas went to a party with his friends.
Steve's brother paid Steve a lot of money as compensation.
Peanut Larry went to church.
They then lived happily ever after.
My mom was boiling her soup.
Eventually, I got word that I had received aid.
I went to McDonald's.
She asked around but no one had seen him.
She saw that all their sacrifices had been worthwhile.
Tom was putting up some posters in his dorm.
He knew he had just done laundry.
They were food at first until the spice started to take effect.
We excitedly packed our bags and hit the road to Florida.
Sharon needed a new driver's license in another state.
Kate found a box full of kittens.
Jeff was an hour late for work because he had to go home and change.
One week she snuck in comic books to read during the sermon.
I got in my car and began to drive home.
He wanted to take her to see the new movie, Suicide Squad.
Tracey wanted to go to an overnight concert with her boyfriend.
Lee wanted some.
One day, she noticed all her the tickets were automatically deleted.
Kelley had bought some salad.
Greg had an idea, to go to Las Vegas and shoot craps.
Jerry listens to the man and agrees to go to camp.
Our cat sat on the bag all day.
I lived in Texas.
I closed the door behind me.
I asked CJ for some chips and salsa.
A group of boys called Andrew over to play with them.
Ann vowed to remember her trip to Tahiti forever!
A lot of people looked at me then.
She made the running team.
A woman saw the gesture.
Amy took advantage and had the lady cut her hair into a bob.
Bobby wanted to impress a girl at school.
He decided to use a k-means algorithm.
I had always wanted to play an instrument.
Then I sat back down.
I went home and had fun.
There, he prayed for the Holocaust victims.
Their Dad did not want to sit through another insipid kid's movie.
He walked over to me and told me to take the night off.
Reba was excited to find a designer dress on a discount rack.
His friend grabbed the ball and made a drunk.
Halloween gave her more opportunity to dress up like a crazy person.
She honestly felt great after that since it was a warm day.
Erin and her sister enjoyed their impromptu race.
That afternoon, she planted them.
Eventually he found the perfect destination.
They went to visit China.
The next day Drew realized he forgot his wallet at the bar.
It was the afternoon but he wanted breakfast food.
Mia is a big dog that lived in a family with two cats.
The menu was lobster, which she hated.
His server did the best they could but Shane was not happy.
Tom was expecting an important call.
Charles feels very happy.
A New England family went out to Florida for vacation.
Monochrome green characters resumed their upwards dance.
One day, Jack was followed home.
Instead, Joseph decided to make some banana bread.
Jill was invited to a party.
Alissa got the $10 an hour job even without references.
She has seen many animals in her books but never in person.
Later his eyes were swelled up.
She sat back and relaxed as they applied the dye.
Julie liked seeing signs that spring was here.
The tiger ate the trout and was very happy.
He consulted a nutritionist.
They wanted to feed carrots to the giraffe too.
He keeps the cat without his parents knowledge.
They saw a wide variety of horses of different sizes and colors.
In fact, here Rick was, sitting at home alone on his birthday.
They went to all the doctor appointments.
Morgan usually followed the rules.
I saw one,  and pumped gas into my car.
Kirby stayed at his grandparents house.
She expected to be in training for the whole first day.
The kids filed into the gym and smiled.
He tried this technique at school the next day.
Joe won $10 from winning the lottery.
Abigail passed her science test.
It was going to be a surprise!
Unfortunately, the toy car isn't nearly as fun as he had imagined.
Of course, He just ignored me and went on with his day.
Tim wanted to have the perfect apartment.
It started to rain.
Kenji missed over two weeks of school.
Molly entered the store looking for the perfect dress.
Before long Steve was paying all his bills on time and was debt free.
Kate had always wanted a sister.
She went to the library instead.
Susan had a lot of bills to pay.
Jenna couldn't wait for next year to have some more!
I really liked the new brand of soda.
She sees the shelf of treats and wants some for her cat.
Their whole family goes to a loud, Baptist church.
By the end of the day Craig is exhausted.
She went shopping but couldn't afford anything.
Their new house was being built.
She wanted the ride to be over.
Bob and Anna stood in the salty waves, looking up.
Kelly went on a vacation to Florida.
She quickly cleaned up all of the trash.
He sent one to be restored by an old documents expert.
She became a concert musician and never thought of the guy again.
George looked for an apartment in another area.
He carefully put small slits into three of his little pumpkins vines.
John told them he wasn't scheduled.
He counted them himself, twelve slimy slugs.
Daniel decided to bury him out back.
The Peterson's loved visiting their vacation home for every year.
But he had no intentions of letting her go.
He had to go back home.
She missed the ball.
I bought 4 copies of the novel Brighton.
At the first class, she instructed her students on abstract art.
He decided to hang dry the clothes.
She hated all of the bugs and the hiking.
I realized it was simply for children.
Tom knocked the fighter out.
One day Ricky realized he was lonely.
Remold needed a new car badly.
That morning he stood in front of the mirror.
He never cared about hurting anyone.
The cat hissed, clearly not liking the grooming.
The kids don't want to play with Randall.
Mike plays basketball at the park.
The next day Billy sat on his front porch thinking about relationships.
Beth realized she already had several built-in friends!
He put it in bowls for his family.
One day Tom had a heart attack and died.
He looked in all his drawers and hampers.
Jerry had shut down a tree in his yard but he still had a stump.
The trash can smelled so bad that Mitch left hiding.
Bud hated his little brother Perry.
She found a reasonable breeder near her.
When I was a boy, I found a stray cat on the street.
The scenes kept skipping and freezing.
I tried to wait although my bladder was too full.
Without spilling any Barley Wine from his snifter glass, Barry ducked.
He finally found it in the adjacent storage area.
She was looking for new books to read.
Jerome replaced the tire with a spare from the trunk.
The Phillies were losing in the 9th inning.
He kept them in a garage.
After Year's and Year's, the tree grew tall.
He named it Barney and would lead it around the pasture.
Pearl agreed.
All that was left was larges.
Jason went to see a tutor for help.
Sam was home alone when he heard a loud bang.
She enjoys the phone call from the polite young man.
He worked towards the edge of his yard.
On the way, someone snatched her bag from her hands.
They are semi aquatic so they need water most of the time.
Anna needed a side dish for her dinner.
He wanted to find work in the energy sector.
She was proud of herself for going alone without being afraid.
His wife got very upset at him.
When I came home he had cooked dinner.
Barry felt a strange substance.
Suddenly he feels a sharp pain.
He had no choice but to demote Daniel and remove his privileges.
Ted lived in a refugee camp.
I went to a party the other night.
Once I saw a bin was not in use.
Joe lost his grip on the leash.
Lucy wore that on purpose.
Gloria lived with her adopted father and his girlfriend.
His car was never found.
The bank denied him.
Dan heard that his neighbor had just become a widow.
Yet when she got into the backyard, she saw it was very hot.
The two married, and Ruth kept her secret.
Carla had skipped her lunch.
Every day, she went online to check the status of her applications.
Bill lives in a bad neighborhood, with a lot of crime.
She noticed that I was mad.
Her blog attracted millions of readers.
She fought with Susie.
Her colleague laughed at her.
Dave read about the health benefits of sourdough bread.
Then, she put it on the table to display it.
It looked like all of their toys were on the floor.
I had forgot about the pot for so long the water boiled off.
The only way to see the factory is to have a ticket.
Carter asked his mother if she knew where it was.
Cari decided not to kayak when the whales were around.
Danny was making breakfast for his wife.
I found out that it was my meal prep package.
Suddenly she realized that she was about to be late for her test.
He had a son that he wanted to keep.
Mary went to the local shelter.
John was turning 25 today.
He brought all of his friends to the dock to see it.
John wants to be an actor real bad.
The teacher was preparing a difficult midterm for his students.
Although his apartment is small, everyone feels very comfortable.
They had a secret code you needed to enter it.
I was very excited and reeled the fish in.
He went to a homeless shelter.
I wished I had listened to my doctor's advice.
Johnny needed a new shirt.
However, he saw beauty in well organized code.
We decided to go rock climbing.
When he woke up he missed the test,
He happily noticed people looked at him more after dying his hair.
Her son went out of town to visit his grandparents for the summer.
I saw a branch on the ground next to me.
They found a nice Japanese restaurant and ordered a variety plate.
We were disgusted with the content.
He had crammed all night and it was now 7 AM.
He looked behind a tree and around a big box.
Haley knows she has an audition tomorrow.
Jon lived in a quaint town in Holland.
He called for his friends to help him.
Tim was going on a date.
THey couldn't keep it in stock, it was so popular!
The surgery went great and Mick was happy about his ice cream diet.
She had neglected all of her responsibilities.
The football team was losing by seven points in the fourth quarter.
Jordon now encourages others to do well in school.
Tom felt a bit embarrassed by it.
His friends all decide to get out of the pool.
Ana was making a volcano for her science fair project.
They both had kids who were playing.
Matt wanted to buy a game but needed money.
Now she always holds the sanitizer bottle far away from her face.
It remained frozen in the freezer.
One day when he was gardening, Webb saw one.
She realized she was lactose intolerant.
He found a teaching position in China.
Joey was wearing his lucky socks.
Andy was going for a dunk, when he sprained his arm on the net.
Marie was proud at the end when she got a standing ovation.
Tom called the bar to see if he left it there.
Only two ever were able to realize their dream.
Mike was working at an ice cream shop.
The papers never arrived.
The band invited her to a party.
She cooked some eggs, made some toast and poured some milk.
Tim convinced her to watch a movie he liked.
His aunt gave him a certain set of lego blocks for his birthday.
I wanted the little blue dress.
The teacher put on music and the moms and dads sang songs.
Silas lay in the hospital bed surrounded by his family.
Tom didn't like losing.
Tim's longtime teacher became sick, and needed money for medical help.
I invited all my family and friends.
My mom noticed I was missing.
At the store he had to go to the large sizes.
At the party he tries many cheeses, including some stinky cheese.
The sky was looking ominous.
But he was leaving soon, so it was time for a change.
Stephen is afraid to go to school now.
But after awhile she was enjoying the game herself.
Dylan took a glob of his baby food and chucked it on the floor.
A tornado blew through town as the ceremony started.
He would watch them all day long.
I had never gone to a military ball before.
Tom went to the zoo with his friends.
She was not amused.
Amy hated having a dirty car.
Ashley and Joy went to see a movie.
The jones family went to the lake every summer.
Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy.
Finally, Robert was able to sit on his couch.
Jimmy's Grandma saved his life.
Mavis kept a collection of dolls in a glass cabinet.
He got so good that people from all over came to eat his salads.
She then put it in the toaster.
I had storage, but it was fun looking at the old emails.
Aaron picked up a pack of fresh wool socks.
They found her with a boy in their living room and she was also drunk.
She wished she could go to a party soon!
I picked the hat up.
He crept through the house quietly.
Adam wanted a car.
Only her lawyer ever responds.
She put the bananas on the table and forgot about them.
Ed left his apartment for work.
She was a bit later to arrive home than usual.
Sharon decided to stay on campus for the holidays.
Dan was able to continue viewing his videos without a mouse.
Jon was driving home from work.
Jacob wanted to impress his girlfriend.
Sandy liked to push around other girls during school.
Annie couldn't read.
Hours later, the owners came home and the dog came out.
Sure enough when she called the hospital confirmed a flu outbreak.
Susie picked up the phone and stuck it quickly in her purse.
They said they had already seen her report card.
On Friday, Tom's dad had a meeting and couldn't go fishing with Tom.
The three of them had so much fun looking at the animals.
Skip wants be the best writer.
Together they prayed that she would get better.
He puts notes in her locker every day.
It took him 2 hours to finally make it back home.
She checked his phone when he was in the shower.
Jacob was texting on his phone while walking on the sidewalk.
On my way to the store, I saw a woman on the ground.
Tim decided to try and cheat.
She lost four games.
My computer was about to die.
To her surprise her mother agreed.
She respectfully approached the subject with her mom.
Luna didn't know the gender of her child.
Brett bought flowers for Lina.
Those friends left her home at 7pm as she began her homework.
Joe forgot all about the raffle.
Val had agreed to watch her friend's children.
The name stuck and everyone calls him that.
John buys four new tires and puts them on his truck.
One day he went to the zoo.
Eric lived alone.
Sometimes he took out trash or mowed someone's yard.
She was checking out but there was a hold up.
Grace went to the hospital.
When he got back home, he brought in a small black puppy!
Gene suddenly died of a heart attack in front of the podium.
She went to the mountains and went hiking.
We all waited in the classroom for a long time.
She was forgetting to pay her bills.
She could not understand why this was.
She watched as it got dark outside.
Kerry boarded up his windows to protect his house.
But the person who sat at the desk near her was rude.
His phone would not work.
When her husband came home, he was startled.
He spent all day tinkering with his to make it faster.
He was going to the beach tomorrow.
Suddenly, she noticed that pizza was on sale for ten dollars.
A man lived in a large house all alone.
Alex wanted to impress his dad and made a shot from across the court.
They were never mean to others again!
I'll never goof around in class again.
Someone noticed a perfect bridge over water.
But he had trouble, like his parents had warned him.
She got great grades.
He passed out in the hostel.
I had just finished the 8th grade.
She dipped the apples into the melted caramel.
My friends gave me lettuce, tomatoes and mayo.
John really wanted to make the high school football team.
Ted had his license for a week, and was excited to go on the highway.
Travis needed more storage in his bedroom.
He noticed a spot he had missed.
Marcus walked into the grocery store.
Mike checked in his pocket for the tickets.
She decided to read about fractions on the internet.
After leaving the shore, George went into the remote ocean.
The screen was blinking fast.
Tonight I yawned while my wife was in the kitchen.
The squirrel climbed back up the tree.
One day, Sandy heard her name followed by laughter.
Jake asked her to marry him and she said yes.
Steve showed off some locally grown artichokes.
She received many compliments and was happy about her tan.
Martha was getting ready to move.
Afterwards, they went home.
John caught a bucket full, and now prefers nighttime fishing.
He decided to research on the pros and cons of different breeds.
Tara wanted to be a better role model for her child.
They left her a Jesus Christ pamphlet instead.
He called a few of his friends.
Smoke started pouring out of her car.
Rihanna noticed that she had a large white head on her nose.
Ron told her that it would be a great vacation.
She liked to check the cheapest stuff first.
She waited and waited, but they never woke up.
Kyle wanted to have a garden.
Suddenly, a storm crept by the city and the school was in lockdown.
Diane moved into a neighborhood where everyone kept to themselves.
He went to the desk clerk, yelled at him, and left.
One day she realized the picture had slipped off.
She snapped a picture with her phone.
He paid for 2 hours of bowling as well as premium equipment.
She groomed it on a weekly basis.
He put it in the trailer.
They decided to go back to their hotel.
The girls all were looking at him.
They were all watching the TV together one evening.
She tried her best to seem smart and likeable.
Belky adored gardening.
That was as much as she'd ever wondered about that man before today.
Drew was so excited he was finally going to the zoo!
She sleeps soundly after a long but enjoyable day.
The ride went on for a long time.
I once lived with someone who I considered a friend.
Sam had to go back home and change.
I always took them off.
She saw a big, juicy, red tomato!
She said it was Guarana Antarctica, the taste of Guarana.
The principal stood up.
We were invited to my aunt's house.
Tom sat down and enjoyed his movie.
Michael has always wanted a car.
Tina stood at the sink and ate the whole plate without realizing it.
He and his mother went to a plant nursery.
Luke lived in a treehouse behind his families house.
People told her she would never become president.
On the day of her birthday, her boyfriend surprised her at her house.
He took normal curly fries and sprinkled cinnamon on them.
I wanted to buy a car.
It felt difficult at first.
He learned many skills, becoming adept at using tools and equipment.
My best friend lives in New York.
I couldn't find any deodorant.
After the run, everyone was impressed by Trey's time.
He went to the biggest chain store in town.
Sally lived alone for her whole life.
When he showed the kids, they were very happy.
Tom bought a new motorcycle.
Mike tried to be comical and threw a piece of paper on the grass.
He ended up feeling better.
Kia felt a tiny bit better hearing the wonderful news.
Teresa went there with her friends.
After that he could lift it easily.
They were attempting to complete a long campaign on this night.
I kept missing.
Suzy then gave up the title.
As soon as Arty fell asleep then Marty would wake back up.
Adriana walked in on her husband with another woman.
She deletes the text before he can read it.
Her friend Michael saw how sad she was.
He went to the dentist.
He invited all his friends.
He was pleased to find he was only 20 miles out of his way!
He applied for a Job in Antarctica as a researcher and he got the job.
He talked a lot.
I was staying at an old hotel on vacation.
He clicked on his dashboard to see the count.
Yesterday I went to a Beyonce concert.
Maggie decided to drive to her grandma to give it to her.
One of them had access to their parents beach house so they stayed.
I have to have it with me when I knock on doors.
Her favorite time to do it is very late at night.
She adopted the cutest little Calico kitten and named her Fluffy!
When I fed my cat this morning I realized that I was out of cat food.
He walked around, but could not find anything interesting for months.
A group of people were sitting at an outdoor restaurant.
My wife saw she was wearing a McDonald's fitbit.
He never knew why she liked him.
The customer agreed without checking cost.
Tom fell back on the floor and hit his head.
My name has been Fidget ever since.
Donna was driving on the highway.
I was 40-years-old and went to bed with a face full of tears.
While her friends were having a conversation, Wendy went nuts.
Gus undid his laced and gave it another try.
He hit the waves hard!
She was so excited to see everything!
Larry see's no one just the family kitten.
There was a concert with a band I knew.
This made him finally want to do it.
Suddenly, he lost his grip on the bat.
One evening the immigration services come to her house.
He found a book on ancient science.
Jen realizes she needs to scale it back a bit.
Waiting for the tire repair made them miss the ship.
Now he was arriving in Nairobi.
Idris reached for his bottle of water.
She glanced at the map and followed the red-lined route.
She really needed an extension.
There, she went to see the Eiffel Tower.
He went out to get a tattoo of a moustache instead.
Victoria had forgot to get buns for her hot dogs at the store.
I was happy that I no longer had to fear her.
We exchange it once a year, so have to keep in touch.
She instead trained a coworker on how to check him in.
He lost track of time and was looking around for hours.
Tim agreed to the chores instead.
I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house.
She tried to quit cold turkey but it was hard.
He visits a bar.
She applied aloe ointment, which helped soothe her skin.
They sailed towards it while signalling for it to answer them.
She was embarrassed to go by herself.
His mother wanted him to become a doctor.
Judy no longer ate during lunch time.
She put them in a vase and smelled them.
She wanted the pain to go away.
John appreciated that feeling.
However, he wanted to impress a girl.
Then, Molly got an idea.
Jim was sitting in class.
They immediately realized something was wrong.
Gwen's mom looked everywhere for her.
He never understood why all the other boys didn't like him.
Sheets of rain fell on the house.
James agreed, and the two had a great time!
His main reason what that he enjoyed the hallucinations.
Jane invited her friend to a game of tennis.
But lifting weights on his own was so boring.
A fisherman living in a jungle noticed dark rainclouds.
Frieda wanted some oatmeal.
Her grandma sat her down and scolded her for this.
The entire thing shattered and Sarah's mom was so mad.
Unfortunately, his family was too poor to afford piano lessons.
John went out on a date with Kelly.
Her mom had a big mug of cocoa waiting for her.
I went to India.
The business plan promised to provide Joe with a steady income.
Baby Jake needed  a bath because he had not bathed in two days.
The class then proceeded to play musical chairs.
Gina wanted to eat chips with her sandwich.
She had dreamed about this day for years!
Eventually, the smell went away.
Last week we went to the Prophets of Rage concert at Pine Knob.
We considered Italy, the Bahamas and China.
During the vocal exercises, she realized she was very out of tune.
For some reason, they seem to always be friendly.
He was frozen on the counter with a potato in his mouth.
Everyone at the party enjoyed her food.
Ana and her family were looking at adopting a pet.
A few hours later, she arrived in Mogadishu.
I put plastic pieces in the wall sockets.
For the first time in weeks she slept cozily.
They stayed friends their whole lives.
John ate spinach in front of his daughter.
Suddenly some kids came in threatening him with a knife.
She brought her art supplies with her.
All of a sudden the water receded more than normal.
She knew that she wanted to do something important though.
I decided to go back the next day.
Reggie slowly walked away before he unwittingly walked between them.
Robin's mom had already left for work.
They went to a local farm.
My cousin walked up and sat next to me.
She wanted more modern energy efficient appliances.
Milton is enjoying his day off from work.
She checked the time.
Suzie took her to the shoe store.
She went in and was horrified.
After a while he noticed he was on a bumpy highway.
Travis was happy to win first place.
However, lately she hides them.
Jim lost his new puppy spot.
Ian calls his mom to ask for money for gloves.
She walked towards the man who had an illegal start.
One day he watched a documentary on bottled water.
But after walking to work, she noticed that it went away.
I think the IRS is the most helpful agency there is.
The screen broke completely right away.
Dawn was looking for a very specific movie poster.
Annie left the house to get some space.
A frog sat on a log.
She was ready to go home.
The man grabbed the stranger's cigarette and lit it with his cigar.
The teacher told him to throw it away and gave him a new packet.
He went downstairs and found his mom cooking breakfast.
Caleb goes to the barber for a short, professional haircut.
Nora found an old radio in the attic.
No one ever found out who had broken in.
Kelly really wanted a new cat.
I invited him in and he laughed.
Jake was eating a burger from his local fast food restaurant.
She put on her shoes.
Then, she wished her a happy birthday.
His grandson found the card.
When he left I was able to watch my show.
One day, she wrapped them and gave them to her parents.
I looked high and low for hits that would pay well for my time.
Micah hated her job but had no choice due to her education.
After several days, he wondered if it was related to his friend's cat.
He realized that it was probably because of his diet.
He decided to sell the whirligigs for extra money.
He was putting in a screw in a tight engine area.
Tim was sitting on his couch looking really sad.
Gary never made a bad grade.
Dan was having a hard time keeping his pen out of his mouth.
Nancy realized her son was seeing leaves in trees for the first time.
She was so happy with the painting that she cried.
But when I got home, I felt proud of myself.
It buffered, and I watched the movie.
The battery died.
She married a famous actress.
Everything was going great until that afternoon.
Jane was performing the moonwalk for talent show.
He cried every night.
She hadn't been paying attention in class.
I woke up and decided I was sick of my weight.
I went into the frozen food section.
She had passed away on the scene.
They spent hours chatting outside of the store.
The installation went smoothly.
She put in 2 quarters into the machine.
At the end of the day, Jan looked down at her feet.
For their next anniversary they plan to go dancing.
Danny went to the dentist today.
There was more traffic on the highway than she expected.
His friend grabbed him firmly and deployed his own parachute.
The police were called.
Soon she could tell that it was the fajitas.
Jessie looked away for a second.
She heard a noise in the kitchen.
They didn't know any of the kids on the block.
It turned out to be worth much more.
We needed to go to the hospital because of my dad's critical condition.
First she wrapped them.
They had forgotten to hide them.
My phone rang late at night.
The sprinklers came on where he was.
They lost all of them.
He felt refreshed and ready for a good night's sleep.
John felt ill.
He looked down at his fly.
He did not enjoy being away from his family.
In addition, Dan talked about his relationship with his co workers.
Anna had plans to go to a party with her own friends.
Lola was in such a bad mood about her lost purse that she stayed home.
They put up hits asking people to write stories.
Tom decided to try something different.
They went to magic kingdom & Epcot.
After the therapy, she went in for her test.
She really wanted the one she was waiting for.
He wanted to win his upcoming competition.
They only saw a crack in the front window.
But when he got his test score back, he was devastated.
Allie went with her parents to the beach.
Timmy requested a pirate themed birthday party.
Freed from worrying about camouflage, Jan found her beauty again.
Brock realized that some books were missing more often than others.
It expressed my love for her.
After a while they started to fall apart.
His friends had to return to land.
All of the sudden she got sick on the dance floor.
I wanted a happy meal.
We treated him out to dinner afterward.
A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial.
She really needed one that was durable and had a keyboard.
Akane had been waiting for Christmas all year long.
She looked at her gas gauge and realized what was wrong.
The trip was planned out to see all the sight along the way.
Jane begged her parents for a new pet.
We would go about ten times every season.
She asked her friends what to do.
The lifeguards put up warning flags on the beach.
They start to use a microwave to reheat food.
They'd put up some new displays and spruced the place up.
Noelle hated birthday celebrations.
They saw a little black dog who was a year old.
Neil wished he could stay in Libya forever!
She filled her cart and went to the checkout.
Mike did not study for the test on Friday.
One app in particular allowed computers to use the USB connection.
Jane had to have someone mail it to her.
Kim desperately wanted a kitten.
Francis skips the stone across the stream to see it bounce.
She could not find the recipe anywhere.
Kim wanted a new table.
No matter how his friends and family tried to convince him he wasn't.
Ariel made new friends quickly.
Tim wants to have stew for dinner tonight.
But when she got there she was disappointed.
Suzy is seeing a movie.
The wait to see the doctor was very long.
Oprah noticed that there were no bike lanes.
Helen was able to use the water gun from the float to squirt people.
Kyle needed extra points in history.
On the way there he saw 3 squirrels.
Today I was digging an irrigation trench in my backyard.
That was the only time in his career he stopped the press machine.
He waited for the shirt to dry before returning to the table.
It was one of the worst bike rides he ever went on.
This year, he was excited because he knew what his present was.
She had forgotten the yeast.
15 years into his sentence, he had lost hope.
They lost at nationals but were very proud of their accomplishment.
Jenna needed money.
He beat me badly, but it was fun.
He left it by the curb outside his house.
Sara wanted to have a good night sleep.
But she realized she didn't have any meat.
Annie went home and put the book in her bag to return it.
Sam went to the beach with his brother.
She loved to sing every single day.
I was forced to sit practically still for hours.
Tim went to the local roller rink with his friends.
I have a friend who wants to vote in this election.
Jim eventually lost weight with the higher quality vegetables.
The gravel road was deserted except for roaming animals.
Unfortunately, so did everyone else.
Adam lost his job.
He wrapped the small box with a beautiful gold bow.
Chris went in for a routine health check.
Charles wanted to play basketball throughout high school.
I had to stay up all night writing my paper.
Luckily, the cop let him go without charging him.
Suddenly, both were tugging on their lines.
John had to find somewhere else to live in.
They began to passionately kiss.
Philip felt bittersweet about it.
Sam heard a noise in his yard.
He put the cat in the bathroom.
The money for the new house was placed in an escrow account.
Kelly and her friends wanted to go to the new movie.
He had been saving up money these last few months.
It was totally ripped.
Her family and friends kept telling her she needed glasses.
I left the sunroof open.
She was thinking about picking the biggest one.
A tiny vine sprouted at its base and began climbing the tree.
Laura buys herself some chickens and raises them herself.
They found it a few blocks over.
The wind was fun but lightning was happening too.
She received her diploma without a single wobble.
When the deadline for the paperwork approached I still wasn't sure.
I was only about 10 years old and waiting in line forever.
I walked down the street to investigate the matter.
Jim got angry.
At first, no one was willing to help me up.
I checked a book out from the library.
Ida loved the song on the radio so she waited for it to end.
The horse didn't like him.
Her first haircut went smoothly.
She wasn't optimistic she would hear back from any of them.
Finally Marie went out and found some better friends.
I was in college when i learned how to bake a cake.
So I went to the hardware store.
It didn't hurt him badly but he learned a lesson.
Sam went to the beach to look at the ocean.
When she reached the counter she realized she forgot her wallet.
She followed the recipe just so.
His mom was hesitant but agreed in the end.
Bruce scoffs at the idea and says no way.
On Christmas day everyone received gifts and was happy.
On her tenth birthday, she went to the stables.
She followed it through the forest.
She lived on the tenth floor of a high rise.
Soon, he was lifting heavy weights.
He has built up a collection to sale.
He put the battery for his drill on the charger.
Donna was short on money but needed groceries.
The tractor lurched forward, almost throwing Ms Brown over the side.
He put gum in his hair one day.
He was barely learning the basic.s.
The next morning she felt sick.
She is so excited to start planning her wedding.
He sat in the stands behind a speaker in the movie.
His parents then told him he was grounded.
I was excited to be going on my first hunt with my dad.
Kenny received his braces today.
Thankfully, the bear had wandered away.
They begrudgingly watched uninterested for the rest of the night.
One day he went to his favorite fishing hole.
Tom went to a night club.
After that, fewer kids discarded their meals.
My brother watches a lot of anime.
There was a new sci-fi show she had never seen before.
Suddenly she saw that her favorite old band was reuniting.
My mom told me that I needed suntan lotion.
The first thought was to cut the line and run.
Eventually she learned everything there was to teach.
She arrived safe and sound at her destination.
You could smell her cooking from a mile away.
Joe lost his 200 dollars.
He searched everywhere for a phone.
His friends showed him how to hold the ball and pick out his shoes.
He couldn't go into town this dark out.
They saw them killing people.
Jake didn't know how to swim.
She took out all the ingredients and made enough fried rice for all.
I was disappointed to see they were only seagulls.
Daniel hates cold weather but lives in Indiana.
He wanted to reconnect with his old friends.
Jim started to cry.
He wasn't mad however, Steph had to pay for the damages.
She gave the pony some fresh hay.
He waited until the big day.
The principal gave the bullies detention and the nerd was happy.
She liked his spirit.
To her delight, she got a hole in one.
A car ran into the side rear of my car.
The first thing he saw there was a large hark with piercing eyes.
She often felt like her life wasn't worth living.
But before long, her brother was serving fast and sure!
He found a nirvana album.
There, for the first time, Tom saw an elephant up close and personal.
Jane never saw the student again.
I'm not sleeping well.
The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire.
No one had seen her face.
Annie wanted to have a successful Youtube channel.
The critics constantly raved about how great it was.
The renovation service arrived to my house.
We waited in line for hours.
I taught him how to download television shows from the internet.
He was happy with the all the savings he was about to enjoy.
The teachers quickly turned off the tv and sent us back to class.
The bully always took his lunch money and threatened him.
I was able to get a better glimpse of the city.
I covered myself with the blanket.
Craig was wandering along the seashore after a breakup.
They were traveling in their RV.
His friends wanted the man to follow the rules.
There were so many customers that everyone knew it was a success.
Finally she placed the order with a shipping price she liked.
She watched two kids walk in that looked suspicious.
Cindy agreed and the two went off to the coffee shop.
Greg learned not to be so nervous.
Robert checked his phone.
Tim went to the zoo.
One Saturday, his mother took Timmy to the candy store.
He heard he had a new boss.
Johnson moved into a small apartment of his own.
They all seemed to be pranking him.
Ted wanted to go fishing.
I took my pomeranian to the pet store.
Sammy was able to stay home from school.
She laughed and threw one back.
Mike envied the powerful new Tornado class vacuum cleaner.
My ears began to hurt from the altitude.
He wanted to keep a closer eye on her.
He finally just left a note with his number on the car's windshield.
We are going to the mountains.
She learned that now she needs to see the doctor much sooner.
Jeff needed some new tools.
She looked further around the field.
One night, they all heard scurrying noises.
All of a sudden her screen froze.
All of a sudden, he felt his thigh cramp up.
I posed in the bathroom mirror.
Richard had a girlfriend and felt very self conscious of this.
Jill's parents bought her a new one.
One day, I found myself out of work.
Debra was looking for her cat.
I failed to do my task at work.
Dane went to prison for a long time.
Some bad people tried to pick a fight with Jackie.
He's not the only one that can't wait until release.
John enjoyed his time at the movies.
Janet had not graduated high school.
Her grandmother looked horrified.
The next morning she woke in horrible pain.
Fatima was regretting her decision.
She waited while her son checked in his baggage.
The next day, he saw a nasty shock.
After a month, he received a promotion.
I recently got myself a library card.
Sam's newspaper kept going missing.
Anna was hiking one day.
Paul went and saw a doctor.
It felt urgent to Gina.
He put it on his wrist right away!
After the conference, she enjoyed some tourist spots.
Fred went to a seafood restaurant.
Teresa was upset, and went to get a second opinion.
Ross proposed that they run a car wash.
A girl looked at her ugly.
Gina felt bad that the dog rarely was able to go outside.
It pays for the treatment.
Bob left a ham sandwich on the table to go get a drink.
All her friends hated them.
He met his date at the movie theatre.
Jeremy spoke ill of Ronnie online.
A politician contacted him and asked him to make a moral on a wall.
He knew he was qualified for most.
She walked towards a friend of hers.
Cole could not afford to miss the math test.
But she hadn't hear much else.
She and her mom checked every inch of the park looking for it.
Anna wanted sugar in her coffee.
Becky won the race with a record time.
In his haste he skipped a button on his shirt.
As she stood at his bedside she remembered every moment.
She signed up for a class.
Tim wanted something special for Christmas.
One day the Acker family went on vacation to New Orleans.
Then she remembered she kept a spare in her purse.
She wanted to have lots of curls instead.
He had been warned several times.
People leave their books in the club room in our building.
Victoria wants a new hair style.
As he took their entrance exam, he sweated nervously.
In previous years, she had put a lot of the gifts on her credit card.
Then, he went to the auditorium.
Because he couldn't find brown ones he bought white ones instead.
My wife's nephew became a father last year.
And he decided to fill his jugs with it for $2 a gallon.
She realized she had no spare.
The man was investigating who James really was.
It was on the bathroom toilet where she was finally able to sleep!
Jenna had to clean it up with cleaning spray.
Ella realized someone had stolen her purse.
Sandy insisted she didn't leave a mark on the glass.
I put some on first thing in the morning.
Tanya continues to practice diligently.
But she was convinced to see a psychiatrist for medication.
Finally they found her at the ocean.
He heard the phone ring.
Together they go to a chicken farm.
She especially liked to put bows in her hair.
He went to the deep end of the pool.
One day, Betty saw a snake lying in the grass.
He really wanted a good grade.
Bob missed most of the cans at first.
John laid his sandwich on the table.
The property, along with several supplies, were ruined.
He looked up at the stage director with worry.
Dan decided to try out jumping hurdles.
Jen and Dave tried for several years to have a baby.
I told Erica her sunglasses are on her head.
Then, he fell asleep.
She didn't hear her alarm go off.
Jim had a fever and he was feeling very weak.
I squealed with delight when I saw them.
One day he was invited to a TV show.
She checked the store to see when it was least crowded.
Tom was being sent to Iraq.
Her mother told her to clean up the room.
But her mother said no.
It was going to be a bad first day at her new job.
Amy was dreading middle school starting.
Melissa attended a piano recital with her parents.
Fortunately, she followed the dog's footprints to where it was.
We went to go visit relatives in Colorado.
Sam and his friends decided to throw a hotel party.
He took the bird inside to warm up and fed him.
The sun was shining bright through his window.
Gina and her siblings watched TV until it was time to leave.
Movies are following the same plot line for a long time.
Richard's job was hard during the summer when many felt indulgent.
Now, I didn't have to worry about engine failure.
Todd went to church with his grandma.
My roommate was not good at managing time in the mornings.
Everything was going great, until something went wrong!
The driver asked the passengers if anybody was missing one.
They hiked down to the lake.
In the movie, the couple dies at the end.
He went straight to the nurse.
He noticed a ticking noise in his engine.
He had never felt he was good enough for anything or anyone.
Sarah finally saved up.
This hurt America and demoralized her people.
Joe hiked two miles then left home.
And when his mind was calm, he went back to bed.
She was excited but also a little scared as she waited in line.
At first he wasn't having fun, but then he ran into an old friend.
Paul bought a new kitchen table.
They liked scary movies so this couldn't be that bad.
Then a beautiful girl walked by.
Matthew was bored one summer day.
I decided to take another path this time.
He dug through it to try and find salvageable things.
It was the first time he had acknowledged her when not in a group.
I picked up another stone but put it in my pocket.
IT at least pays her bills
His school band needed more trumpet players.
Bill ordered a steak.
It was my turn and I just pointed the bottle at the girl I liked.
The man went fishing.
I had an allergic reaction, hives swelling all over my body.
He had always loved seeing pictures of the subway.
She bought it right away and took it to her mom.
All of his friends saw and he was very embarrassed.
He was looking into a lot of new fields.
He saw that the local soup kitchen needed help.
She tried to stay calm and wait for help.
He gave a salute and dropped a lit match on the flag.
Gina's music teacher showed them how to dance the Charleston.
Ellen was looking for earphones.
A family of squirrels lived in the tree.
She started to date his friend.
Ann is two and lives in Queens.
He forgot about it one day while it was in the oven.
Sally wanted her hair in a French braid for junior prom.
Samantha had just learned that her boyfriend was an investment banker.
Fortunately her mom helped her study all week long.
Jessica enjoyed Mcdonald's breakfast food.
The radio announcer said that the big one was coming.
He saw a couple with a dog.
He looked gray and bloated under all the makeup.
The dog loved it!
I had only received third place after all.
A man went out golfing for the first time.
Last summer Anna went to a music festival.
He bought the parrot and took it home.
He constantly sneaked and turned it down.
After that, she went to the bathroom.
She looked at all the paintings and sculptures.
Kate wanted to be a model.
He thinks I will look like Carrie.
She stayed with her mom, stoic for an hour.
Bill's cat Bruce seemed not to be feeling too well.
Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy.
She felt like her stories were far too boring.
Jimmy wanted to learn karate.
He felt really good about that.
We saw lions and cheetahs.
He was a master pilot and everyone knew it.
Ashley saw a cute cowgirl costume at the store.
On the plane she woke nauseous.
She offered a ride home or a phone call to the towing service.
I left my dog out in my fenced in backyard.
After giving me some medicine I headed home.
Luke felt something was missing from his yard.
Ultimately, Jon lived his whole life in fear of the man.
She went to the local hardware store for a screwdriver.
The rat annoyed the family, as it chewed up wires in the home.
Then, she looked for it in the seat.
They stare at you as you sleep.
Billy noticed he had trouble reading the chalkboard in class.
Instead of selling my townhouse I rented it out to a nice family.
It had been snowing overnight unexpectedly.
Megan liked to create art.
Billy is happy after riding in a hot air balloon.
We are going there again in the near future.
We both got relaxing massages.
Michaela rushed back inside to resume studying as fast as possible.
Tom realized the sizes were different on the site.
Sam said she'd help her.
People in her class all watched her.
